Documentation/ReferenceManual/DataStructure.md, before:

DREAM.3D Data Structure {#datastructure}
=========

## Overview ##

DREAM.3D uses an _abstract_, _hierarchical_ data structure that has roots in the concepts of combinatorial topology and common methods for describing mesh structures.  The generalized data structure follows a tree structure with the following possible node types:

+ **Data Container Array**: The root node of the data structure. In most cases, a particular workflow will only have one **Data Container Array**, but this is not a hard requirement.  The **Data Container Array** has access to create and retrieve all _objects_ that descend from it, not just its immediate **Data Container** children.
+ **Data Container**: Holds **Attribute Matrices** for data that belong to _unique_ geometries.  Two **Data Containers** are distinguised by their associated **Geometry**.
+ **Attribute Matrix**: Holds **Attribute Arrays**, which are the containers for raw data. The type of **Attribute Matrix** labels the hierarchy level to which its associated **Attribute Arrays** corresponds.
+ **Attribute Array**: Holds raw data in memory. DREAM.3D utilizes a _flat_ data storage approach, such that even multidimensional data is allocated into a contiguous section of memory. This approach enables faster and more efficient compute times.

The above node types are commonly referred to as _objects_, while the data stored within them is referred to as the _attributes_ of those objects. For most DREAM.3D functions, the user is given control over how to name the various objects within the data hierarchy.

-----

![DREAM.3D Data Structure](Images/dataStructure.png)
@image latex Images/dataStructure.png "DREAM.3D Data Structure" width=6in 

-----

## Geometry ##
A special kind of object is known as the **Geometry**, which defines the spatial organization of the data. The **Data Container** objects are responsible for holding **Geometries**. In general, this means that the distinguishing characteristic between two **Data Containers** is their associated **Geoemtry** objects. **Geoemtries** are generally classified by the _topology_ of their unit **Element**, which is the smallest building block of the geometry. **Elements** can have 4 different dimensionalities: 0 (points), 1 (lines), 2 (polygons), and 3 (polyhedra). In the DREAM.3D ontology, these are generally referred to as **Vertices**, **Edges**, **Faces**, and **Cells**. 

-----

![Unit Element Types](Images/vefc.png)
@image latex Images/vefc.png "Unit Element Types" width=6in 

-----

Data attributes can be associated with any of these element types, as long as that association makes sense for the given element topology. For example, a triangulated surface mesh can have **Vertex**, **Edge**, and **Face** data associated with it, but not **Cell** data, since a triangle has a 2-dimensional topology.

### Currently Implemented Geometries ###
| Name             | Topology |  Associated Data | Description |
|------------------|------|------------------------|-----------|
| Unknown | N/A | Any | A null geometry, used if the underlying data have no spatial layout |
| Vertex | 0 | Vertex | A collection of points, commonly referred to as a _point cloud_ |
| Edge | 1 | Edge | A collection of edges defined by two vertices, forming _lines_ |
| Triangle | 2 | Face | A collection of triangles; one type of _surface mesh_ |
| Quad | 2 | Face | A collection of quadrilaterals; one type of _surface mesh_ |
| Image | 3 | Cell | A _structured_, _rectilinear_ grid; this **Geometry** is composed of _pixels_ (in 2D) or _voxels_ (in 3D) |

## Attribute Matrices & Data Hierarchy ##
Data is organized in DREAM.3D using **Attribute Matrix** objects. These objects themselves do not store data; instead, they store the last level in the object hierarchy, called **Attribute Arrays**, which are the low-level containers for contiguous regions of data. There are a variety of different types of **Attribute Matrices**:

+ **Element**: Attribute data associated directly with the features of the **Geometry** objects. Types of **Element Attribute Matrices** include:
	- **Vertex**: Attribute data associated with vertices
	- **Edge**: Attribute data associated with edges
	- **Face**: Attribute data associated with polygons
	- **Cell**: Attribute data assocaites with polyhedra
+ **Feature**: Attribute data associated with _collections_ of **Elements**
+ **Ensemble**: Attribute data associated with _collections_ of **Features**

The four different types of **Element Attribute Matrix** correspond to the four possible levels of dimensional topology for a given **Geometry**. For example, a **Triangle Geometry** may have a **Vertex Attribute Matrix** that stores an **Attribute Array** that defines a scalar at each vertex, and a **Face Attribute Matrix** that defines a vector on every triangle. This example points out one of the advantages of the DREAM.3D data structure: data with any amount of dimensionality can be stored efficiently thanks to the generic _object-attribute_ associations. Note as well that the **Attribute Matrix** itself defines the _tuple dimensions_ for a given kind of data, whereas the **Attribute Arrays** in that **Attribute Matrix** define the _component dimensions_ of the raw data. For example, consider a **Triangle Geometry** with 20 triangles. A **Face Attribute Matrix** for this **Geometry** will have 20 _tuples_; i.e., the number of triangles. An associated scalar **Attribute Array** in this **Face Attribute Matrix** will also have a _tuple_ length of 20, since 20 x 1 = 20. But an **Attribute Array** that defines a vector (such as a normal for each triangle) would have 3 components. This vector array is still associated with the triangles, so it is stored in the **Face Attribute Matrix**. The total number of _tuples_ for the underlying array in this case is now 60, since 20 x 3 = 60.

-----

![Attribute Matrix Layout](Images/attributematrix.png)
@image latex Images/attributematrix.png "Attribute Matrix Layout" width=6in 

-----

A given **Data Container** should only have at most one type of each of the different varieties of **Element Attribute Matrix**. This arises because a given **Geometry** should only have one way to organize its unit elements in space (e.g., the number of triangles in a **Triangle Geometry** remains fixed). If the number of any of the components of a **Geometry** change, then that defines a new **Geometry** that should belong in a new **Data Container** with new associated **Attribute Matrices**. Note that if the elements of a **Geometry** merely _move_ (e.g., via a mesh smoothing process), then there is no need to instantiate new **Attribute Matrices**, since the underlying _tuple_ dimensions have remained constant.

The underlying **Elements** of a given **Geometry** can be _grouped_ together to form collections of **Elements** via some classification rule. A common example is _segmenting_ a grayscale image by assigning all pixels with less than a certain grayscale value to class 1, and all others to class 2. This procedure introduces a sense of _hierarchy_ to a data stream. DREAM.3D refers to these collections of **Elements** as **Features**. These **Features** can then have data associated with them through a **Feature Attribute Matrix**. Any kind of **Element** may be grouped into **Features**, and there may be many different ways to group said **Elements**. Therefore, **Data Containers** can generally contain as many **Feature Attribute Matrices** as are necessary. To continue the hierarchy scale, DREAM.3D allows for **Features** to be grouped together to form **Ensembles**. Again, these **Ensembles** can have associated **Ensemble Attribute Matrices** to store data, and there may be many **Ensemble Attribute Matrices** in a given **Data Container**. In principal, it is even possible to have **Ensembles** of **Ensembles**! In this manner, the DREAM.3D data structure allows data associations to bridge across mutiple length scales

A key concept behind **Features** and **Ensembles** is the existence of a _map_ that ties the entries in a **Feature/Ensemble Attribute Matrix** to one level lower in the hierarchy.  The values in this map are commonly referred to as _Ids_. For example, consider an **Image Geometry** in 2D that has a set of 10 **Features** within it, defined by 10 groups of pixels.  The **Attribute Matrix** associated with this set of **Features** will have _11_ tuples. Why 11 and not 10? DREAM.3D begins numbering **Features** and **Ensembles** at 1, and reserves the _0_ value for special use. Therefore, the number of tuples for a given **Feature/Ensemble Attribute Matrix** is always one larger than the actual number of **Features/Ensembles**. Since the **Features** are groups of pixels (a kind of **Element**), DREAM.3D associates each pixel with a particular **Feature**. These _Feature Id_ values correspond to integers that sit on the pixel **Elements**, and allow DREAM.3D to index into the **Feature Attribute Matrix** by knowing the _Feature Id_ at one level lower in the hierarchy.  The same concept applies to _Ensemble Ids_ sitting at the **Feature** level. These _map_ associations enable DREAM.3D to efficiently _link_ between the various hiearchy scales, allowing for connections and correlations to be assessed.

-----

![Object-Attribute Associations](Images/elfeatens.png)
@image latex Images/elfeatens.png "Object-Attribute Associations" width=6in 

-----

For a detailed discussion of the DREAM.3D data structure and its associated applications to the analysis of microstructure data, please consult this [IMMI paper](http://www.immijournal.com/content/3/1/5/abstract).

## Filters, Pipelines & Plugins ##
Manipulation of the underlying data structure is exposed to the user through the use of **Filters**. A **Filter** can be considered a self-contained _function_, which takes the existing data structure as input and performs some series of operations to modify the data structure and produce and output. **Filters** can be strung together to form a **Pipeline**, in which the data structure flows through the set of **Filters**, being modified along the way. If a **Filter** reads in data from outside of DREAM.3D, then the new data will be incorporated into the existing data structure. Or, if no data structure yet exists (e.g, starting from a "blank slate"), a new one will be created. More information on creating **Pipelines** can be found in the [Using DREAM.3D](@ref usingdream3d) section.

**Filters** in DREAM.3D are contained within **Plugins**, which are collections of **Filters** with similar scope. The **Plugin** itself is the actual _library_ into which the **Filters** are compiled. The **Filters'** locations within the interface is determined by their _group_ and _subgroup_ labels, and may not correspond to their actual **Plugin** library. This discrepancy is done to better organize the interface by sorting **Filters** by their general _functionality_. For example, a developer may write a **Plugin** for analyzing output from a simulation, and have a **Filter** that performs the import of the simulation data into DREAM.3D. This **Filter** will be _compiled_ into the external **Plugin**, but it may be wise for the developer to place the **Filter** in the _IO_ group and _Input_ subgroup, since the **Filter's** _functionality_ is to import data. Note that the [Filter Documentation](@ref filterdocumentation) section organizes **Filters** by **Plugin**, _not_ by their group.

Commit message:

Finish OrientationAnalysis documentation
Finishing documentation for the OrientationAnalysis filters. Minor tweaks to
filters. Add more information to core user manual data structure documentation.

updates #274

Documentation/ReferenceManual/DataStructure.md, after:

DREAM.3D Data Structure {#datastructure}
=========

## Overview ##

DREAM.3D uses an _abstract_, _hierarchical_ data structure that has roots in the concepts of combinatorial topology and common methods for describing mesh structures.  The generalized data structure follows a tree structure with the following possible node types:

+ **Data Container Array**: The root node of the data structure. In most cases, a particular workflow will only have one **Data Container Array**, but this is not a hard requirement.  The **Data Container Array** has access to create and retrieve all _objects_ that descend from it, not just its immediate **Data Container** children.
+ **Data Container**: Holds **Attribute Matrices** for data that belong to _unique_ geometries.  Two **Data Containers** are distinguised by their associated **Geometry**.
+ **Attribute Matrix**: Holds **Attribute Arrays**, which are the containers for raw data. The type of **Attribute Matrix** labels the hierarchy level to which its associated **Attribute Arrays** corresponds.
+ **Attribute Array**: Holds raw data in memory. DREAM.3D utilizes a _flat_ data storage approach, such that even multidimensional data is allocated into a contiguous section of memory. This approach enables faster and more efficient compute times.

The above node types are commonly referred to as _objects_, while the data stored within them is referred to as the _attributes_ of those objects. For most DREAM.3D functions, the user is given control over how to name the various objects within the data hierarchy.

-----

![DREAM.3D Data Structure](Images/dataStructure.png)
@image latex Images/dataStructure.png "DREAM.3D Data Structure" width=6in 

-----

## Geometry ##
A special kind of object is known as the **Geometry**, which defines the spatial organization of the data. The **Data Container** objects are responsible for holding **Geometries**. In general, this means that the distinguishing characteristic between two **Data Containers** is their associated **Geoemtry** objects. **Geoemtries** are generally classified by the _topology_ of their unit **Element**, which is the smallest building block of the geometry. **Elements** can have 4 different dimensionalities: 0 (points), 1 (lines), 2 (polygons), and 3 (polyhedra). In the DREAM.3D ontology, these are generally referred to as **Vertices**, **Edges**, **Faces**, and **Cells**. 

-----

![Unit Element Types](Images/vefc.png)
@image latex Images/vefc.png "Unit Element Types" width=6in 

-----

Data attributes can be associated with any of these element types, as long as that association makes sense for the given element topology. For example, a triangulated surface mesh can have **Vertex**, **Edge**, and **Face** data associated with it, but not **Cell** data, since a triangle has a 2-dimensional topology. To help the user keep track of the **Geometry** type associated with a particular **Data Container**, DREAM.3D sets default names of **Data Containers** to be prefixed with the **Geoemetry** type when applicable. For example, a **Data Container** containing an **Image Geometry** would have a default name **ImageDataContainer**. Of course, you can [rename](@ref renamedatacontainer) **Data Containers** if you prefer a different data scheme.

### Currently Implemented Geometries ###
| Name             | Topology |  Associated Data | Description |
|------------------|------|------------------------|-----------|
| Unknown | N/A | Any | A null geometry, used if the underlying data have no spatial layout |
| Vertex | 0 | Vertex | A collection of points, commonly referred to as a _point cloud_ |
| Edge | 1 | Edge | A collection of edges defined by two vertices, forming _lines_ |
| Triangle | 2 | Face | A collection of triangles; one type of _surface mesh_ |
| Quad | 2 | Face | A collection of quadrilaterals; one type of _surface mesh_ |
| Image | 3 | Cell | A _structured_, _rectilinear_ grid; this **Geometry** is composed of _pixels_ (in 2D) or _voxels_ (in 3D) |

## Attribute Matrices & Data Hierarchy ##
Data is organized in DREAM.3D using **Attribute Matrix** objects. These objects themselves do not store data; instead, they store the last level in the object hierarchy, called **Attribute Arrays**, which are the low-level containers for contiguous regions of data. There are a variety of different types of **Attribute Matrices**:

+ **Element**: Attribute data associated directly with the features of the **Geometry** objects. Types of **Element Attribute Matrices** include:
	- **Vertex**: Attribute data associated with vertices
	- **Edge**: Attribute data associated with edges
	- **Face**: Attribute data associated with polygons
	- **Cell**: Attribute data assocaites with polyhedra
+ **Feature**: Attribute data associated with _collections_ of **Elements**
+ **Ensemble**: Attribute data associated with _collections_ of **Features**

The four different types of **Element Attribute Matrix** correspond to the four possible levels of dimensional topology for a given **Geometry**. For example, a **Triangle Geometry** may have a **Vertex Attribute Matrix** that stores an **Attribute Array** that defines a scalar at each vertex, and a **Face Attribute Matrix** that defines a vector on every triangle. This example points out one of the advantages of the DREAM.3D data structure: data with any amount of dimensionality can be stored efficiently thanks to the generic _object-attribute_ associations. Note as well that the **Attribute Matrix** itself defines the _tuple dimensions_ for a given kind of data, whereas the **Attribute Arrays** in that **Attribute Matrix** define the _component dimensions_ of the raw data. For example, consider a **Triangle Geometry** with 20 triangles. A **Face Attribute Matrix** for this **Geometry** will have 20 _tuples_; i.e., the number of triangles. An associated scalar **Attribute Array** in this **Face Attribute Matrix** will also have a _tuple_ length of 20, since 20 x 1 = 20. But an **Attribute Array** that defines a vector (such as a normal for each triangle) would have 3 components. This vector array is still associated with the triangles, so it is stored in the **Face Attribute Matrix**. The total number of _tuples_ for the underlying array in this case is now 60, since 20 x 3 = 60.

-----

![Attribute Matrix Layout](Images/attributematrix.png)
@image latex Images/attributematrix.png "Attribute Matrix Layout" width=6in 

-----

A given **Data Container** should only have at most one type of each of the different varieties of **Element Attribute Matrix**. This arises because a given **Geometry** should only have one way to organize its unit elements in space (e.g., the number of triangles in a **Triangle Geometry** remains fixed). If the number of any of the components of a **Geometry** change, then that defines a new **Geometry** that should belong in a new **Data Container** with new associated **Attribute Matrices**. Note that if the elements of a **Geometry** merely _move_ (e.g., via a mesh smoothing process), then there is no need to instantiate new **Attribute Matrices**, since the underlying _tuple_ dimensions have remained constant.

The underlying **Elements** of a given **Geometry** can be _grouped_ together to form collections of **Elements** via some classification rule. A common example is _segmenting_ a grayscale image by assigning all pixels with less than a certain grayscale value to class 1, and all others to class 2. This procedure introduces a sense of _hierarchy_ to a data stream. DREAM.3D refers to these collections of **Elements** as **Features**. These **Features** can then have data associated with them through a **Feature Attribute Matrix**. Any kind of **Element** may be grouped into **Features**, and there may be many different ways to group said **Elements**. Therefore, **Data Containers** can generally contain as many **Feature Attribute Matrices** as are necessary. To continue the hierarchy scale, DREAM.3D allows for **Features** to be grouped together to form **Ensembles**. Again, these **Ensembles** can have associated **Ensemble Attribute Matrices** to store data, and there may be many **Ensemble Attribute Matrices** in a given **Data Container**. In principal, it is even possible to have **Ensembles** of **Ensembles**! In this manner, the DREAM.3D data structure allows data associations to bridge across mutiple length scales.

Both **Features** and **Ensembles** must be made up of some specific **Element** type at the lowest level. DREAM.3D currently requires that any set of **Features** (and thus **Ensembles** as well) must be composed of the _same_ unit **Element** type. For example, **Features** can be made up of a collection of **Triangles**, but not both **Edges** and **Triangles**. Of course, it is possible to have a set of **Features** made up of **Edges** only and a set of **Features** made up of **Triangles** only within the same **Triangle Geometry**. To help the user keep track of these distinctions, DREAM.3D names **Feature/Ensemble Attribute Matrices** with a prefix that identifies the unit **Element** building block by default. For example, a set of **Features** made up of **Cells** would have a default **Attribute Matrix** name of **CellFeatureData**. Of course, you can [rename](@ref renameattributematrix) **Attribute Matrices** if you prefer a different data scheme.

A key concept behind **Features** and **Ensembles** is the existence of a _map_ that ties the entries in a **Feature/Ensemble Attribute Matrix** to one level lower in the hierarchy.  The values in this map are commonly referred to as _Ids_. For example, consider an **Image Geometry** in 2D that has a set of 10 **Features** within it, defined by 10 groups of pixels.  The **Attribute Matrix** associated with this set of **Features** will have _11_ tuples. Why 11 and not 10? DREAM.3D begins numbering **Features** and **Ensembles** at 1, and reserves the _0_ value for special use. Therefore, the number of tuples for a given **Feature/Ensemble Attribute Matrix** is always one larger than the actual number of **Features/Ensembles**. Since the **Features** are groups of pixels (a kind of **Element**), DREAM.3D associates each pixel with a particular **Feature**. These _Feature Id_ values correspond to integers that sit on the pixel **Elements**, and allow DREAM.3D to index into the **Feature Attribute Matrix** by knowing the _Feature Id_ at one level lower in the hierarchy.  The same concept applies to _Ensemble Ids_ sitting at the **Feature** level. These _map_ associations enable DREAM.3D to efficiently _link_ between the various hiearchy scales, allowing for connections and correlations to be assessed.

-----

![Object-Attribute Associations](Images/elfeatens.png)
@image latex Images/elfeatens.png "Object-Attribute Associations" width=6in 

-----

For a detailed discussion of the DREAM.3D data structure and its associated applications to the analysis of microstructure data, please consult this [IMMI paper](http://www.immijournal.com/content/3/1/5/abstract).

## Filters, Pipelines & Plugins ##
Manipulation of the underlying data structure is exposed to the user through the use of **Filters**. A **Filter** can be considered a self-contained _function_, which takes the existing data structure as input and performs some series of operations to modify the data structure and produce and output. **Filters** can be strung together to form a **Pipeline**, in which the data structure flows through the set of **Filters**, being modified along the way. If a **Filter** reads in data from outside of DREAM.3D, then the new data will be incorporated into the existing data structure. Or, if no data structure yet exists (e.g, starting from a "blank slate"), a new one will be created. More information on creating **Pipelines** can be found in the [Using DREAM.3D](@ref usingdream3d) section.

**Filters** in DREAM.3D are contained within **Plugins**, which are collections of **Filters** with similar scope. The **Plugin** itself is the actual _library_ into which the **Filters** are compiled. The **Filters'** locations within the interface is determined by their _group_ and _subgroup_ labels, and may not correspond to their actual **Plugin** library. This discrepancy is done to better organize the interface by sorting **Filters** by their general _functionality_. For example, a developer may write a **Plugin** for analyzing output from a simulation, and have a **Filter** that performs the import of the simulation data into DREAM.3D. This **Filter** will be _compiled_ into the external **Plugin**, but it may be wise for the developer to place the **Filter** in the _IO_ group and _Input_ subgroup, since the **Filter's** _functionality_ is to import data. Note that the [Filter Documentation](@ref filterdocumentation) section organizes **Filters** by **Plugin**, _not_ by their group.
