Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/GenericFilters/GenerateMisorientationColors.md, before:

Generate Misorientation Colors {#generatemisorientationcolors}
========

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Generic Filters (Misc)

## Description ##
This filter will generate colors based on the method developed by C. Schuh and S. Patala for Cubic, Hexagonal, Tetragonal, or Orthorhombic Crystal Structures (currently only cubic high is working)[1]. Orientations are colored by disorientation relative to a reference orientation. The user can enter an reference orientation (relative to the sample frame). The defualt reference orientation is the sample frame (misorientation from sample frame: 0 degrees about [001]). The user is required to run a filter that will determine if a voxel should have it's color calculated by generating the _GoodVoxels_ array or an equivalent **boolean** array. Typically the **MultiThreshold Cells** or **Single Threshold Cells** filter is run _before_ this filter with an output array set to _GoodVoxels_.


|Crystal Structure | Key [1] |
|------------------|---------|
| Cubic (432) |![](MisorientationLegendO_432.png)|
| Cubic (23) |![](MisorientationLegendT_23.png)|
| Hexagonal (622) |![](MisorientationLegendD6_622.png)|
| Tetragonal (422) |![](MisorientationLegendD4_422.png)|
| Orthorhombic (222) |![](MisorientationLegendD2_222.png)|

[1] Patala, S., Mason J., Schuh C., 2012. Improved representations of misorientation information for grain boundary science and engineering. Prog Mater Sci. 57, 1383-1425.


## Input Options ##

| Option | Type |
|-------|-------|
| x Reference Frame Misorientation Axis | Double |
| y Reference Frame Misorientation Axis | Double |
| z Reference Frame Misorientation Axis | Double |
| w Reference Frame Misorientation Angle| Double |


## Required DataContainers ##

Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description  | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|------------|-----|
| Cell | CellQuats |  These are the orientations used to determine the colors | Find Cell Quaternions |
| Cell | CellPhases |  These are used to determine which ensemble the **Cell** belongs to | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |  
| Cell | GoodVoxels | This is the boolean array that determines if a voxel will have its IPF Color generated or not. | [MultiThreshold Cells](multithresholdcells.html), [Single Threshold Cells](singlethresholdcells.html) |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures |  These are the symmetries of the ensembles, which dictate orientation operations and which color palatte is used | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Name | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| Cell | MisorientationColors | The RGB colors are encoded as an unsigned char triplet  |


### Authors ###


**Copyright:** 2013 William Lenthe (University of California Santa Barbara)

**Contact Info:** willlenthe@gmail.com

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:** See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.

See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating the documentation for the Misorienation Coloring Filter

Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/GenericFilters/GenerateMisorientationColors.md, after:

Generate Misorientation Colors {#generatemisorientationcolors}
========

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Generic Filters (Misc)

## Description ##
This filter will generate colors based on the method developed by C. Schuh and S. Patala for Cubic, Hexagonal, Tetragonal, or Orthorhombic Crystal Structures (currently only cubic high is working)[1]. Orientations are colored by disorientation relative to a reference orientation. The user can enter a reference orientation which is relative to the sample reference frame. The default reference orientation is the sample frame (misorientation from sample frame: 0 degrees about [001]). 

The user is required to run a filter that will determine if a voxel should have it's color calculated by generating the _GoodVoxels_ array or an equivalent **boolean** array. Typically the **MultiThreshold Cells** or **Single Threshold Cells** filter is run _before_ this filter with an output array set to _GoodVoxels_.

### Color Output Notes ###

Since the coloring scheme uses all possibly colors in the spectrum easily marking voxels in an image that should NOT have been colored is impossible versus a method like the IPF coloring scheme where black can be used to mark these "bad" voxels or non-indexed voxels in the case of an EBSD scan.

## Crystal Symmetry Implementations ##


|Crystal Structure |Hermann–Mauguin  Symbol |Schoenflies Symbol | Key [1] |
|------------------|--|-------|
| Cubic |  (432) | O |![](MisorientationLegendO_432.png)|
| Cubic |  (23) | T |![](MisorientationLegendT_23.png)|
| Hexagonal  | (622) | D6 |![](MisorientationLegendD6_622.png)|
| Tetragonal | (422)  | D4 |![](MisorientationLegendD4_422.png)|
| Orthorhombic | (222)  | D2 |![](MisorientationLegendD2_222.png)|  

[1] Patala, S., Mason J., Schuh C., 2012. Improved representations of misorientation information for grain boundary science and engineering. Prog Mater Sci. 57, 1383-1425.

## Example Output Image ##

![Small IN100 Slice 1 from [2]](MisoColor_Small_IN100.png)

![BCC Steel from [3]](Miso_fw-ar-IF1-avtr12-corr.png)

[2] Uchic, Groeber, et all
[3] Wagner, et al Metz


## Input Options ##

| Option | Type |
|-------|-------|
| x Reference Frame Misorientation Axis | Double |
| y Reference Frame Misorientation Axis | Double |
| z Reference Frame Misorientation Axis | Double |
| w Reference Frame Misorientation Angle| Double |


## Required DataContainers ##

Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description  | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|------------|-----|
| Cell | CellQuats |  These are the orientations used to determine the colors | Find Cell Quaternions |
| Cell | CellPhases |  These are used to determine which ensemble the **Cell** belongs to | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |  
| Cell | GoodVoxels | This is the boolean array that determines if a voxel will have its IPF Color generated or not. | [MultiThreshold Cells](multithresholdcells.html), [Single Threshold Cells](singlethresholdcells.html) |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures |  These are the symmetries of the ensembles, which dictate orientation operations and which color palatte is used | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Name | Description |
|------|------|-------------|
| Cell | MisorientationColors | The RGB colors are encoded as an unsigned char triplet  |


### Authors ###


**Copyright:** 2013 William Lenthe (University of California Santa Barbara)

**Contact Info:** willlenthe@gmail.com

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:** See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.

See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)
