Source/Plugins/Sampling/Documentation/SamplingFilters/NearestPointFuseRegularGrids.md, before:

Fuse Regular Grids (Nearest Points) {#nearestpointfuseregulargrids}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Sampling Filters (Fusion)

## Description ##
This Filter fuses two *Image / Rectilinear Grid* data sets together. The grid of **Cells** in the *Reference* **Data Container** is overlaid on the grid of **Cells** in the *Sampling* **Data Container**.  Each **Cell** in the *Reference* **Data Container** is associated with the nearest point in the *Sampling* **Data Container** (i.e. no *interpolation* is performed).  All the attributes of the **Cell** in the *Sampling* **Data Container** are then assigned to the **Cell** in the *Reference* **Data Container**.

*Note:* The *Sampling* **Data Container** remains identical after this filter, but the *Reference* **Data Container**, while "geometrically identical", gains all the attribute arrays from the *Sampling* **Data Container**.

## Parameters ##
None

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid (x2)

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | None | Variable | Variable | Depends on the contents of the *Sampling* **Data Container** - all arrays will have analogue created in the *Reference* **Data Container** |

## License & Copyright ##

Please see the description file distributed with this plugin.

## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users

Commit message:

Update all filter documentation for formatting
Updating documentation of every filter to have correct formatting and grammar.
Also re-working information in filter documentation to reflect what is in the
GUI 1:1.

updates #274

Source/Plugins/Sampling/Documentation/SamplingFilters/NearestPointFuseRegularGrids.md, after:

Fuse Regular Grids (Nearest Points) {#nearestpointfuseregulargrids}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Sampling (Resolution)

## Description ##
This **Filter** fuses two **Image Geometry** data sets together. The grid of **Cells** in the *Reference* **Data Container** is overlaid on the grid of **Cells** in the *Sampling* **Data Container**.  Each **Cell** in the *Reference* **Data Container** is associated with the nearest point in the *Sampling* **Data Container** (i.e., no *interpolation* is performed).  All the attributes of the **Cell** in the *Sampling* **Data Container** are then assigned to the **Cell** in the *Reference* **Data Container**.

*Note:* The *Sampling* **Data Container** remains identical after this **Filter**, but the *Reference* **Data Container**, while "geometrically identical", gains all the attribute arrays from the *Sampling* **Data Container**.

## Parameters ##
None

## Required Geometry ##
Image

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##
| Kind | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| **Attribute Matrix** | CellData | Cell | N/A | *Reference* **Cell** data to use for fusion |
| **Attribute Matrix** | CellData | Cell | N/A | *Sampling* **Cell** data to use for fusion |

## License & Copyright ##

Please see the description file distributed with this plugin.

## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
