Source/Plugins/Sampling/Documentation/SamplingFilters/RegularizeZSpacing.md, before:

Regularize Z Spacing {#regularizezspacing}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Sampling Filters (Resolution)

## Description ##
This Filter "resamples" the 3D array in the Z-direction (which is generally taken as the sectioning direction).  The **Image / Rectilinear Grid Geometry** assumes all **Cells** are of the same size (dX x dY x dZ).  If the Z locations (i.e. slice positions) are not uniform, then the user can enter a list of the actual Z locations and a desired uniform "resolution".  The filter will then create a new volume with uniform Z locations and determine which of the old "slices" should be copied to the new "slices". Below is an example:

If a dataset had 10 sections with the following locations:

|Old Slice # |Old Slice Location|
|---------|---------|
|0|0|
|1|3|
|2|7|
|3|12|
|4|14|
|5|19|
|6|24|
|7|25|
|8|30|
|9|34|

and the user wanted a uniform resolution of *3*, then the following mapping would occur 

|New Slice # | New Slice Location |Old Slice # Used|
|---------|---------|---------|
|0|0|0|
|1|3|1|
|2|6|2|
|3|9|2|
|4|12|3|
|5|15|4|
|6|18|5|
|7|21|5|
|8|24|6|
|9|27|7|
|10|30|8|
|11|33|9|

*Note:* No interpolation of the data is performed and the nearest "old slice" is copied to a given "new slice".

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Current Z Positions File | File Path | Location of the Z positions file |
| Z Res | Double | Uniform resolution desired in the Z direction of the new grid |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Sampling/Documentation/SamplingFilters/RegularizeZSpacing.md, after:

Regularize Z Spacing {#regularizezspacing}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Sampling Filters (Resolution)

## Description ##
This Filter "resamples" the 3D array in the Z-direction (which is generally taken as the sectioning direction).  The **Image / Rectilinear Grid Geometry** assumes all **Cells** are of the same size (dX x dY x dZ).  If the Z locations (i.e. slice positions) are not uniform, then the user can enter a list of the actual Z locations and a desired uniform "resolution".  The filter will then create a new volume with uniform Z locations and determine which of the old "slices" should be copied to the new "slices". Below is an example:

If a dataset had 10 sections with the following locations:

|Old Slice # |Old Slice Location|
|---------|---------|
|0|0|
|1|3|
|2|7|
|3|12|
|4|14|
|5|19|
|6|24|
|7|25|
|8|30|
|9|34|

and the user wanted a uniform resolution of *3*, then the following mapping would occur 

|New Slice # | New Slice Location |Old Slice # Used|
|---------|---------|---------|
|0|0|0|
|1|3|1|
|2|6|2|
|3|9|2|
|4|12|3|
|5|15|4|
|6|18|5|
|7|21|5|
|8|24|6|
|9|27|7|
|10|30|8|
|11|33|9|

*Note:* No interpolation of the data is performed and the nearest "old slice" is copied to a given "new slice".

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Current Z Positions File | File Path | Location of the Z positions file |
| Z Res | Double | Uniform resolution desired in the Z direction of the new grid |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
