Source/Plugins/Sampling/Documentation/SamplingFilters/RegularGridSampleSurfaceMesh.md, before:

Sample Surface Mesh on Regular Grid {#regulargridsamplesurfacemesh}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Sampling Filters (Resolution)

## Description ##
This Filter 'samples' a triangulated surface mesh on a rectilinear grid.  The user can specify the number of **Cells** along the X, Y, and Z directions in addition to the resolution in each direction to define a rectilinear grid.  The sampling is then performed by the following steps:

1. Determine the bounding box and **Triangle** list of each **Feature** by scanning all **Triangles** and noting the **Features** on either side of the **Triangle**.
2. For each **Cell** in the rectilinear grid, determine which bounding box(es) they fall in (*Note:* the bounding box of multiple **Features** can overlap).
3. For each bounding box a **Cell** falls in, check against that **Feature's** **Triangle** list to determine if the **Cell** falls within that n-sided polyhedra (*Note:* if the surface mesh is conformal, then each **Cell** will only belong to one **Feature**, but if not, the last **Feature** the **Cell** is found to fall inside of will *own* the **Cell**).
4. Assign the **Feature** number that the **Cell** falls within to the *Feature Ids* array in the new rectilinear grid geometry.

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| X Points (Voxels) | Int | Number of **Cells** along X axis |
| Y Points (Voxels) | Int | Number of **Cells** along Y axis |
| Z Points (Voxels) | Int | Number of **Cells** along Z axis |
| Resolution | Double (x3) | Vector of resolution values (dx, dy, dz) |

## Required Geometry ##
Triangle

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Triangle | SurfaceMeshFaceLabels | Int | (2) | Specifies which **Features** are on either side of each **Triangle**. |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | FeatureIds | Int | (1) | Specifies to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Sampling/Documentation/SamplingFilters/RegularGridSampleSurfaceMesh.md, after:

Sample Surface Mesh on Regular Grid {#regulargridsamplesurfacemesh}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Sampling Filters (Resolution)

## Description ##
This Filter 'samples' a triangulated surface mesh on a rectilinear grid.  The user can specify the number of **Cells** along the X, Y, and Z directions in addition to the resolution in each direction to define a rectilinear grid.  The sampling is then performed by the following steps:

1. Determine the bounding box and **Triangle** list of each **Feature** by scanning all **Triangles** and noting the **Features** on either side of the **Triangle**.
2. For each **Cell** in the rectilinear grid, determine which bounding box(es) they fall in (*Note:* the bounding box of multiple **Features** can overlap).
3. For each bounding box a **Cell** falls in, check against that **Feature's** **Triangle** list to determine if the **Cell** falls within that n-sided polyhedra (*Note:* if the surface mesh is conformal, then each **Cell** will only belong to one **Feature**, but if not, the last **Feature** the **Cell** is found to fall inside of will *own* the **Cell**).
4. Assign the **Feature** number that the **Cell** falls within to the *Feature Ids* array in the new rectilinear grid geometry.

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| X Points (Voxels) | Int | Number of **Cells** along X axis |
| Y Points (Voxels) | Int | Number of **Cells** along Y axis |
| Z Points (Voxels) | Int | Number of **Cells** along Z axis |
| Resolution | Double (x3) | Vector of resolution values (dx, dy, dz) |

## Required Geometry ##
Triangle

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Triangle | SurfaceMeshFaceLabels | Int | (2) | Specifies which **Features** are on either side of each **Triangle**. |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | FeatureIds | Int | (1) | Specifies to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
