Source/Plugins/OrientationAnalysis/Documentation/OrientationAnalysisFilters/FindLocalAverageCAxisMisalignments.md, before:

Find Local Average C-Axis Misalignments {#findlocalaveragecaxismisalignments}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Statistics (Crystallographic)

## Description ##
This filter finds parent average feature kernel average c-axis misalignment.  Alternatively, if the "Calculate Unbiased Local Average C-Axis Misalignment" parameter is TRUE, the parent average sub-boundary misalignment is calculated.


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Calculate Unbiased Local Average C-Axis Misalignments | Boolean |
| Calculate Local Average C-Axis Misalignments | Boolean |


## Required DataContainers ##
Volume

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | FeatureIds | Ids (ints) that specify to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. | Values should be present from segmentation of experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Segment Features (Misorientation, C-Axis Misorientation, Scalar) (Reconstruction), Read Dx File (IO), Read Ph File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Cell | ParentIds | List of grouped "parents" of features region **Cells**.  |  |
| Feature | ParentIds | List of grouped "parents" of features region **Features**. |  |
| Feature | CAxisMisalignmentList | NeighborList of c-axis misalignments. | Only needed if "Calculate Local Average C-Axis Misalignments" IS checked. | Find Field Neighbor C-Axis Misalignments (Statistics) |  
| Feature | NeighborList | List of grain nearest neighbors. | Only needed if "Calculate Unbiased Local Average C-Axis Misalignments" IS checked. | Find Neighbors (Statistics) |

| Ensemble | CrystalStructures | Enumeration (int) specifying the crystal structure of each Ensemble/phase (Hexagonal=0, Cubic=1, Orthorhombic=2) | Values should be present from experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Feature | NumFeaturesPerParent | List of number of features associated with each ParentId. |  |
| Feature | LocalCAxisMisalignments| Float of the parent region average "feature"-kernel average c-axis misalignment. | This is only calculated if  "Calculate Local Average C-Axis Misalignments" IS NOT checked|  
| Feature | UnbiasedLocalCAxisMisalignments| Float of the parent region average sub-boundary c-axis misalignment. | This is only calculated if  "Calculate Unbiased Local Average C-Axis Misalignments" IS checked|  


## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2014 Joseph C. Tucker (UES), 2012 Michael A. Groeber (AFRL), 2012 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 5.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/OrientationAnalysis/Documentation/OrientationAnalysisFilters/FindLocalAverageCAxisMisalignments.md, after:

Find Local Average C-Axis Misalignments {#findlocalaveragecaxismisalignments}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Statistics (Crystallographic)

## Description ##
This filter finds parent average feature kernel average c-axis misalignment.  Alternatively, if the "Calculate Unbiased Local Average C-Axis Misalignment" parameter is TRUE, the parent average sub-boundary misalignment is calculated.


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Calculate Unbiased Local Average C-Axis Misalignments | Boolean |
| Calculate Local Average C-Axis Misalignments | Boolean |


## Required DataContainers ##
Volume

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | FeatureIds | Ids (ints) that specify to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. | Values should be present from segmentation of experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Segment Features (Misorientation, C-Axis Misorientation, Scalar) (Reconstruction), Read Dx File (IO), Read Ph File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Cell | ParentIds | List of grouped "parents" of features region **Cells**.  |  |
| Feature | ParentIds | List of grouped "parents" of features region **Features**. |  |
| Feature | CAxisMisalignmentList | NeighborList of c-axis misalignments. | Only needed if "Calculate Local Average C-Axis Misalignments" IS checked. | Find Field Neighbor C-Axis Misalignments (Statistics) |  
| Feature | NeighborList | List of grain nearest neighbors. | Only needed if "Calculate Unbiased Local Average C-Axis Misalignments" IS checked. | Find Neighbors (Statistics) |

| Ensemble | CrystalStructures | Enumeration (int) specifying the crystal structure of each Ensemble/phase (Hexagonal=0, Cubic=1, Orthorhombic=2) | Values should be present from experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Feature | NumFeaturesPerParent | List of number of features associated with each ParentId. |  |
| Feature | LocalCAxisMisalignments| Float of the parent region average "feature"-kernel average c-axis misalignment. | This is only calculated if  "Calculate Local Average C-Axis Misalignments" IS NOT checked|  
| Feature | UnbiasedLocalCAxisMisalignments| Float of the parent region average sub-boundary c-axis misalignment. | This is only calculated if  "Calculate Unbiased Local Average C-Axis Misalignments" IS checked|  


## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2014 Joseph C. Tucker (UES), 2012 Michael A. Groeber (AFRL), 2012 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 5.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
