Source/Plugins/OrientationAnalysis/Documentation/OrientationAnalysisFilters/FindSchmids.md, before:

Find Schmid Factors {#findschmids}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Statistics Filters (Crystallographic)

## Description ##
This filter calculates the Schmid Factor of each **Feature** given its average orientation and a user defined loading axis.
The Schmid Factor is the combination of the component of the axial force F that lies parallel to the slip direction and the component 
that lies perpendicular to the slip plane.  The equation for the Schmid Factor is given as:

Schmid Factor = (cos &phi; cos &lambda;)
*The angle &phi; is the angle between the tensile axis and the slip plane normal, and &lambda; is the angle between the tensile axis and the slip direction in the slip plane.*
 
The filter determines the Schmid Factor for each **Feature** by using the above equation for all possible slip systems (given the **Feature**'s crystal structure).  The largest 
Schmid Factor from all of the slip systems is stored for the **Feature**.


## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------| ----------- |
| Loading X: | Double | X component of the loading axis in the sample reference frame |
| Loading Y: | Double | Y component of the loading axis in the sample reference frame |
| Loading Z: | Double | Z component of the loading axis in the sample reference frame |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Feature | FeaturePhases | Phase Id (int) specifying the phase of the **Feature**| | Find Feature Phases (Generic), Read Feature Info File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures | Enumeration (int) specifying the crystal structure of each Ensemble/phase (Hexagonal=0, Cubic=1, Orthorhombic=2) | Values should be present from experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Feature | AvgQuats | Five (5) values (floats) defining the average orientation of the **Feature** in quaternion representation | Filter will calculate average quaternions for **Features** if not already calculated. | Find Feature Average Orientations (Statistics) |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Feature | Poles | Three (3) values (ints) giving the crystallographic pole that points along the user defined loading direction. |  |
| Feature | Schmids | Value of the Schmid Factor (float) for the most favorably oriented slip system (ie the one with the highest Schmid Factor). | Only the Schmid Factor was used in determining which slip system's Schmid Factor to report.  The critical resolved shear stress for the different slip systems is not considered. |
| Feature | SlipSystems | Enumeration (int) of the slip system that has the highest Schmid Factor | Numbers correspond to specific slip systems for the different crystal structures as follows: |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/OrientationAnalysis/Documentation/OrientationAnalysisFilters/FindSchmids.md, after:

Find Schmid Factors {#findschmids}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Statistics Filters (Crystallographic)

## Description ##
This filter calculates the Schmid Factor of each **Feature** given its average orientation and a user defined loading axis.
The Schmid Factor is the combination of the component of the axial force F that lies parallel to the slip direction and the component 
that lies perpendicular to the slip plane.  The equation for the Schmid Factor is given as:

Schmid Factor = (cos &phi; cos &lambda;)
*The angle &phi; is the angle between the tensile axis and the slip plane normal, and &lambda; is the angle between the tensile axis and the slip direction in the slip plane.*
 
The filter determines the Schmid Factor for each **Feature** by using the above equation for all possible slip systems (given the **Feature**'s crystal structure).  The largest 
Schmid Factor from all of the slip systems is stored for the **Feature**.


## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------| ----------- |
| Loading X: | Double | X component of the loading axis in the sample reference frame |
| Loading Y: | Double | Y component of the loading axis in the sample reference frame |
| Loading Z: | Double | Z component of the loading axis in the sample reference frame |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Feature | FeaturePhases | Phase Id (int) specifying the phase of the **Feature**| | Find Feature Phases (Generic), Read Feature Info File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures | Enumeration (int) specifying the crystal structure of each Ensemble/phase (Hexagonal=0, Cubic=1, Orthorhombic=2) | Values should be present from experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Feature | AvgQuats | Five (5) values (floats) defining the average orientation of the **Feature** in quaternion representation | Filter will calculate average quaternions for **Features** if not already calculated. | Find Feature Average Orientations (Statistics) |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Feature | Poles | Three (3) values (ints) giving the crystallographic pole that points along the user defined loading direction. |  |
| Feature | Schmids | Value of the Schmid Factor (float) for the most favorably oriented slip system (ie the one with the highest Schmid Factor). | Only the Schmid Factor was used in determining which slip system's Schmid Factor to report.  The critical resolved shear stress for the different slip systems is not considered. |
| Feature | SlipSystems | Enumeration (int) of the slip system that has the highest Schmid Factor | Numbers correspond to specific slip systems for the different crystal structures as follows: |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
