Source/Plugins/OrientationAnalysis/Documentation/OrientationAnalysisFilters/FindOrientationFieldCurl.md, before:

Find Orientation Field Curl {#findorientationfieldcurl}
======


## EXPERIMENTAL FILTER WARNING ##

__This filter is highly experimental and under heavy development. Future versions of DREAM3D may not have this filter or output completely different files. Please do not depend on this filter for long term research use.__


## Group (Subgroup) ##
Filter Group (Filter Subgroup)


## Description ##
This filter does the following...

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Feature Array Name | String |

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |


## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |



## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/OrientationAnalysis/Documentation/OrientationAnalysisFilters/FindOrientationFieldCurl.md, after:

Find Orientation Field Curl {#findorientationfieldcurl}
======


## EXPERIMENTAL FILTER WARNING ##

__This filter is highly experimental and under heavy development. Future versions of DREAM3D may not have this filter or output completely different files. Please do not depend on this filter for long term research use.__


## Group (Subgroup) ##
Filter Group (Filter Subgroup)


## Description ##
This filter does the following...

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Feature Array Name | String |

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |


## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |



## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
