Source/Plugins/Generic/Documentation/GenericFilters/FindBoundaryCells.md, before:

Find Boundary Cells (Image) {#findboundarycells}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Generic Filters (Spatial)

## Description ##
This Filter determines, for each **Cell**, the number of neighboring **Cells** that are owned by a different **Feature**.  The algorithm for determining this is as follows: 

1. Identify the **Feature** to which a **Cell** belongs
2. Identify the **Features** to which each of the current **Cell**'s six (6) face-face neighboring **Cells** (front, back, left, right, up, down) belong
3. Determine the number of those neighboring **Cells** belonging to a different **Feature** than the current **Cell**. 
4. Repeat 1-3 for all **Cells**

## Parameters ##
None

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | FeatureIds | Int | (1) | Specifies to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | SurfaceCells | Int | (1) | The number of neighboring **Cells** of a given **Cell** that belong to a different **Feature** than itself. Values will range from *0* to *6* |

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Generic/Documentation/GenericFilters/FindBoundaryCells.md, after:

Find Boundary Cells (Image) {#findboundarycells}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Generic Filters (Spatial)

## Description ##
This Filter determines, for each **Cell**, the number of neighboring **Cells** that are owned by a different **Feature**.  The algorithm for determining this is as follows: 

1. Identify the **Feature** to which a **Cell** belongs
2. Identify the **Features** to which each of the current **Cell**'s six (6) face-face neighboring **Cells** (front, back, left, right, up, down) belong
3. Determine the number of those neighboring **Cells** belonging to a different **Feature** than the current **Cell**. 
4. Repeat 1-3 for all **Cells**

## Parameters ##
None

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | FeatureIds | Int | (1) | Specifies to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | SurfaceCells | Int | (1) | The number of neighboring **Cells** of a given **Cell** that belong to a different **Feature** than itself. Values will range from *0* to *6* |

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
