Source/Plugins/Reconstruction/Documentation/ReconstructionFilters/MergeTwins.md, before:

Merge Twins {#mergetwins}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Reconstruction Filters (Grouping)

## Description ##
This Filter groups neighboring **Features** that are in a twin relationship with each other (currently only fcc Sigma 3 twins).  The algorithm for grouping the **Features** is analogous to the algorithm for segmenting the **Features** - only the average orientation of the **Features** are used instead of the orientations of the individual **Cells**.  The user can specify a tolerance on both the *axis* and the *angle* that defines the twin relationship (i.e. a tolerance of 1 degree for both tolerances would allow the neighboring **Features** to be grouped if their misorientation was between 59-61 degrees about an axis within 1 degree of <111>, since the Sigma 3 twin relationship is 60 degrees about <111>).


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Axis Tolerance | Double |
| Angle Tolerance | Double |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | GrainIds | Ids (ints) that specify to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. | Values should be present from segmentation of experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Segment Features (Misorientation, C-Axis Misorientation, Scalar) (Reconstruction), Read Dx File (IO), Read Ph File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Feature | FeaturePhases | Phase Id (int) specifying the phase of the **Feature**| | Find Feature Phases (Generic), Read Feature Info File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Feature | AvgQuats | Five (5) values (floats) defining the average orientation of the **Feature** in quaternion representation | Filter will calculate average quaternions for **Features** if not already calculated. | Find Feature Average Orientations (Statistics) |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures | Enumeration (int) specifying the crystal structure of each Ensemble/phase (Hexagonal=0, Cubic=1, Orthorhombic=2) | Values should be present from experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Feature | Active | Boolean value specifying if the **Feature** is still in the sample (1 if the **Feature** is in the sample and 0 if it is not) | At the end of the filter, all **Features** will be "Active" as the "Inactive" **Features** will have been removed.  |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Reconstruction/Documentation/ReconstructionFilters/MergeTwins.md, after:

Merge Twins {#mergetwins}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Reconstruction Filters (Grouping)

## Description ##
This Filter groups neighboring **Features** that are in a twin relationship with each other (currently only fcc Sigma 3 twins).  The algorithm for grouping the **Features** is analogous to the algorithm for segmenting the **Features** - only the average orientation of the **Features** are used instead of the orientations of the individual **Cells**.  The user can specify a tolerance on both the *axis* and the *angle* that defines the twin relationship (i.e. a tolerance of 1 degree for both tolerances would allow the neighboring **Features** to be grouped if their misorientation was between 59-61 degrees about an axis within 1 degree of <111>, since the Sigma 3 twin relationship is 60 degrees about <111>).


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Axis Tolerance | Double |
| Angle Tolerance | Double |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | GrainIds | Ids (ints) that specify to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. | Values should be present from segmentation of experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Segment Features (Misorientation, C-Axis Misorientation, Scalar) (Reconstruction), Read Dx File (IO), Read Ph File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Feature | FeaturePhases | Phase Id (int) specifying the phase of the **Feature**| | Find Feature Phases (Generic), Read Feature Info File (IO), Pack Primary Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Insert Precipitate Phases (SyntheticBuilding), Establish Matrix Phase (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Feature | AvgQuats | Five (5) values (floats) defining the average orientation of the **Feature** in quaternion representation | Filter will calculate average quaternions for **Features** if not already calculated. | Find Feature Average Orientations (Statistics) |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures | Enumeration (int) specifying the crystal structure of each Ensemble/phase (Hexagonal=0, Cubic=1, Orthorhombic=2) | Values should be present from experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Feature | Active | Boolean value specifying if the **Feature** is still in the sample (1 if the **Feature** is in the sample and 0 if it is not) | At the end of the filter, all **Features** will be "Active" as the "Inactive" **Features** will have been removed.  |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
