Source/Plugins/SurfaceMeshing/Documentation/SurfaceMeshingFilters/MovingFiniteElementSmoothing.md, before:

Moving Finite Element Smoothing {#movingfiniteelementsmoothing}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
SurfaceMesh

## Description ##
_Kuprat, A., 2000. Modeling microstructure evolution using gradient-weighted moving
finite elements. SIAM Journal of Scientific Computing 22, 535-560._

The Moving Finite Element (MFE) algorithm is based on Kuprat's work on Gradient Weighted Moving Finite Element method [SIAM].  A conformal triangular surface mesh represents the **Feature** boundary network.  The curvature at each node is computed and used as the driving force for nodal motion. Additional forces are computed based on element quality. The user can choose a balance between the curvature and element quality forces to find a compromise between smoothness and final element quality.  Certain node types can be constrained in their motion.
 
- Node Contraints .. 
-  Nodes on an external surface can be constrained to move in the plane of the surface.
-  Triple Lines can be constrained
-  Quad point nodes can be prevented from moving.
 


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Iteration Steps | Integer |
| Apply Node Contraints | Boolean (On or Off) |
| Constrain Surface Nodes | Boolean (On or Off) |
| Constrain Quad Points | Boolean (On or Off) |
| Smooth Triple Lines | Boolean (On or Off) |


## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh - Valid Surface Mesh containing the shared vertex array and face list

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Vertex | SurfaceMeshNodeType | N x 1 Col of unsigned char |  | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |


## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2012 Dr. Anthony Rollet, Dr. Jason Gruber, Dr. Stephen Sintay, Dr. Sukbin Lee

**Contact Info:** Carnegie-Mellon University, School of Materials Engineering

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:** BSD


See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/SurfaceMeshing/Documentation/SurfaceMeshingFilters/MovingFiniteElementSmoothing.md, after:

Moving Finite Element Smoothing {#movingfiniteelementsmoothing}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
SurfaceMesh

## Description ##
_Kuprat, A., 2000. Modeling microstructure evolution using gradient-weighted moving
finite elements. SIAM Journal of Scientific Computing 22, 535-560._

The Moving Finite Element (MFE) algorithm is based on Kuprat's work on Gradient Weighted Moving Finite Element method [SIAM].  A conformal triangular surface mesh represents the **Feature** boundary network.  The curvature at each node is computed and used as the driving force for nodal motion. Additional forces are computed based on element quality. The user can choose a balance between the curvature and element quality forces to find a compromise between smoothness and final element quality.  Certain node types can be constrained in their motion.
 
- Node Contraints .. 
-  Nodes on an external surface can be constrained to move in the plane of the surface.
-  Triple Lines can be constrained
-  Quad point nodes can be prevented from moving.
 


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Iteration Steps | Integer |
| Apply Node Contraints | Boolean (On or Off) |
| Constrain Surface Nodes | Boolean (On or Off) |
| Constrain Quad Points | Boolean (On or Off) |
| Smooth Triple Lines | Boolean (On or Off) |


## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh - Valid Surface Mesh containing the shared vertex array and face list

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Vertex | SurfaceMeshNodeType | N x 1 Col of unsigned char |  | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |


## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2012 Dr. Anthony Rollet, Dr. Jason Gruber, Dr. Stephen Sintay, Dr. Sukbin Lee

**Contact Info:** Carnegie-Mellon University, School of Materials Engineering

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:** BSD


## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
