Source/Plugins/SurfaceMeshing/Documentation/SurfaceMeshingFilters/ReverseTriangleWinding.md, before:

Reverse Triangle Winding Filter {#reversetrianglewinding}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
SurfaceMesh

## Description ##
This filter reverses the winding on each triangle. If the next filter is to compute the surface normals the user will notice that the normals now point in the opposite direction. Some analysis filters require the normals to be pointing "away" from the center of a **Feature**. The current surface meshing algorithms tend to orient the normals pointing "into" the **Feature**.


## Parameters ##

## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh - Valid Surface Mesh containing the shared vertex array and face list

## Required Arrays ##
None


## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/SurfaceMeshing/Documentation/SurfaceMeshingFilters/ReverseTriangleWinding.md, after:

Reverse Triangle Winding Filter {#reversetrianglewinding}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
SurfaceMesh

## Description ##
This filter reverses the winding on each triangle. If the next filter is to compute the surface normals the user will notice that the normals now point in the opposite direction. Some analysis filters require the normals to be pointing "away" from the center of a **Feature**. The current surface meshing algorithms tend to orient the normals pointing "into" the **Feature**.


## Parameters ##

## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh - Valid Surface Mesh containing the shared vertex array and face list

## Required Arrays ##
None


## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
