Source/Plugins/SurfaceMeshing/Documentation/SurfaceMeshingFilters/TriangleDihedralAngleFilter.md, before:

Generate Triangle Areas {#triangledihedralanglefilter}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
SurfaceMesh

## Description ##
This filter computes the minimum dihedral angle of each triangle (given by points A,B,C) in the surface mesh by calculating the angles between the three sides of the triangle and storing the minimum value for the triangle.


## Parameters ##
None

## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh - Valid Surface Mesh containing the shared vertex array and face list

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Comment |
|------|--------------|---------|
| Face | SurfaceMeshFaceDihedralAngles | |


## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/SurfaceMeshing/Documentation/SurfaceMeshingFilters/TriangleDihedralAngleFilter.md, after:

Generate Triangle Areas {#triangledihedralanglefilter}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
SurfaceMesh

## Description ##
This filter computes the minimum dihedral angle of each triangle (given by points A,B,C) in the surface mesh by calculating the angles between the three sides of the triangle and storing the minimum value for the triangle.


## Parameters ##
None

## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh - Valid Surface Mesh containing the shared vertex array and face list

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Comment |
|------|--------------|---------|
| Face | SurfaceMeshFaceDihedralAngles | |


## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
