Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/ErodeDilateBadData.md, before:

Erode/Dilate Bad Data {#erodedilatebaddata}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Cleanup)

## Description ##
Bad data refers to a **Cell** that has a _FeatureId_ of *0*, which means the **Cell** has failed some sort of test and been marked 
as a *bad* **Cell**. 

If the *bad* data is _dilated_, the Filter grows the *bad* data by one **Cell** in an iterative sequence for a user defined number of iterations.  During the *dilate* process the _FeatureId_ of any **Cell** neighboring a *bad* Cell** will be changed to *0*.  

If the *bad* data is _eroded_, the Filter shrinks the bad data by one **Cell** in an iterative sequence for a user defined number of iterations.  During the *erode* process the _FeatureId_ of the *bad* **Cell** is changed from *0* to the _FeatureId_ of the majority of its neighbors. If there is a tie between two _FeatureIds_, then one of the *FeatureIds*, chosen randomly, will be assigned to the *bad* **Cell**.

If _Replace Bad Data_ is selected all attribute arrays will be replaced with their neighbor's value during erosion/dilation (instead of only _FeatureId_)

The Filter also offers the option(s) to turn on/off the erosion or dilation in specific directions (x, y or z).

Goals a user might be trying to accomplish with this Filter are

- Remove small or thin regions of bad data by running a single
 (or two) iteration _erode_ operation. 
- Increase the size of a *bad* data region by running an _dilate_ operation. This might be useful if the experimental technique 
tends to underestimates the size of certain objects. 
For example, when running EBSD, the pores (which show up as
 *bad* data) are generally smaller in the scans than in the specimen, because the
 beam, when it is just inside the pore, still can pick up signal from the
 material just beneath the pore.  

Running the _erode-dilate_ operations in pairs can
 often change the size of some objects without affecting others.  For
 example, if there were a number of big pores and a number of single *bad* **Cells**
, running a single _erode_ operation would remove
 the single **Cells** and reduce the pores by one **Cell**. If this is followed immediately by  a _dilate_
 operation, then the pores would grow by one **Cell** and return to near their original size, while the single
**Cells** would remain removed and not "grow back".

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Operation | Selection | Tells the Filter whether to dilate or erode |
| Number of Iterations | Int | The number of iterations to use for the Filter |
| Replace Bad Data | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to replace all data or just **Feature Id** |
| XDirOn | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to erode/dilate in the X direction or not |
| YDirOn | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to erode/dilate in the Y direction or not |
| ZDirOn | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to erode/dilate in the Z direction or not |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | FeatureIds | Int | (1) | Specifies to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/ErodeDilateBadData.md, after:

Erode/Dilate Bad Data {#erodedilatebaddata}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Cleanup)

## Description ##
Bad data refers to a **Cell** that has a _FeatureId_ of *0*, which means the **Cell** has failed some sort of test and been marked 
as a *bad* **Cell**. 

If the *bad* data is _dilated_, the Filter grows the *bad* data by one **Cell** in an iterative sequence for a user defined number of iterations.  During the *dilate* process the _FeatureId_ of any **Cell** neighboring a *bad* Cell** will be changed to *0*.  

If the *bad* data is _eroded_, the Filter shrinks the bad data by one **Cell** in an iterative sequence for a user defined number of iterations.  During the *erode* process the _FeatureId_ of the *bad* **Cell** is changed from *0* to the _FeatureId_ of the majority of its neighbors. If there is a tie between two _FeatureIds_, then one of the *FeatureIds*, chosen randomly, will be assigned to the *bad* **Cell**.

If _Replace Bad Data_ is selected all attribute arrays will be replaced with their neighbor's value during erosion/dilation (instead of only _FeatureId_)

The Filter also offers the option(s) to turn on/off the erosion or dilation in specific directions (x, y or z).

Goals a user might be trying to accomplish with this Filter are

- Remove small or thin regions of bad data by running a single
 (or two) iteration _erode_ operation. 
- Increase the size of a *bad* data region by running an _dilate_ operation. This might be useful if the experimental technique 
tends to underestimates the size of certain objects. 
For example, when running EBSD, the pores (which show up as
 *bad* data) are generally smaller in the scans than in the specimen, because the
 beam, when it is just inside the pore, still can pick up signal from the
 material just beneath the pore.  

Running the _erode-dilate_ operations in pairs can
 often change the size of some objects without affecting others.  For
 example, if there were a number of big pores and a number of single *bad* **Cells**
, running a single _erode_ operation would remove
 the single **Cells** and reduce the pores by one **Cell**. If this is followed immediately by  a _dilate_
 operation, then the pores would grow by one **Cell** and return to near their original size, while the single
**Cells** would remain removed and not "grow back".

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Operation | Selection | Tells the Filter whether to dilate or erode |
| Number of Iterations | Int | The number of iterations to use for the Filter |
| Replace Bad Data | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to replace all data or just **Feature Id** |
| XDirOn | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to erode/dilate in the X direction or not |
| YDirOn | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to erode/dilate in the Y direction or not |
| ZDirOn | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to erode/dilate in the Z direction or not |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | FeatureIds | Int | (1) | Specifies to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
