Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/FindProjectedImageStatistics.md, before:

Find Projected Image Statistics {#findprojectedimagestatistics}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Image)

## Description ##
This Filter calculates statistics (minimum, maximum, average, standard deviation and variance) for each *stack* of **Cells** perpendicular to a user selected plane of interest (XY, XZ, YZ).  Each **Cell** in the *stack* is then assigned the statistic(s) for the whole stack.  
For example, if there was a 100x200x300 **Cell** volume and the plane of interest was selected as *XY*, then a 100x200 temporary *image* would be created.  Each **Cell** in the temporary *image* would represent a 300 **Cell** *stack* in the Z direction.  The statistics listed previously would be calculated for each 300 **Cell** *stack* and stored at the corresponding **Cell** in the 100x200 temporary *image*.  Finally, the values for each of the statistics stored in the temp *image* are assigned to all 300 **Cells** in the *stack* that they describe, which is equivalent to "extruding" the 100x200 temporary *image* 300 *Cells** in the Z direction. 

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Plane of Interest | Selection | Tells the Filter which plane (XY, XZ, YZ) to project perpendicular to |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | None | Any, except Boolean | (1) | Any scalar array for which the user would like to calculate projected statistics |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | ProjectedImageMin | Float | (1) | The minimum value of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |
| Cell | ProjectedImageMax | Float | (1) | The maximum value of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |
| Cell | ProjectedImageAvg | Float | (1) | The average value of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |
| Cell | ProjectedImageStd | Float | (1) | The standard deviation of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |
| Cell | ProjectedImageVar | Float | (1) | The variance of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/FindProjectedImageStatistics.md, after:

Find Projected Image Statistics {#findprojectedimagestatistics}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Image)

## Description ##
This Filter calculates statistics (minimum, maximum, average, standard deviation and variance) for each *stack* of **Cells** perpendicular to a user selected plane of interest (XY, XZ, YZ).  Each **Cell** in the *stack* is then assigned the statistic(s) for the whole stack.  
For example, if there was a 100x200x300 **Cell** volume and the plane of interest was selected as *XY*, then a 100x200 temporary *image* would be created.  Each **Cell** in the temporary *image* would represent a 300 **Cell** *stack* in the Z direction.  The statistics listed previously would be calculated for each 300 **Cell** *stack* and stored at the corresponding **Cell** in the 100x200 temporary *image*.  Finally, the values for each of the statistics stored in the temp *image* are assigned to all 300 **Cells** in the *stack* that they describe, which is equivalent to "extruding" the 100x200 temporary *image* 300 *Cells** in the Z direction. 

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Plane of Interest | Selection | Tells the Filter which plane (XY, XZ, YZ) to project perpendicular to |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | None | Any, except Boolean | (1) | Any scalar array for which the user would like to calculate projected statistics |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | ProjectedImageMin | Float | (1) | The minimum value of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |
| Cell | ProjectedImageMax | Float | (1) | The maximum value of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |
| Cell | ProjectedImageAvg | Float | (1) | The average value of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |
| Cell | ProjectedImageStd | Float | (1) | The standard deviation of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |
| Cell | ProjectedImageVar | Float | (1) | The variance of the scalar array along the stack of voxels perpendicular to the plane of interest |

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
