Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/FlattenImage.md, before:

Flatten Image {#flattenimage}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Image)

## Description ##
This Filter allows the user to select a *flattening* method for turning an array of RGB or RGBa values into grayscale values.  The options available in this Filter are *Average* and *Luminosity*.  If *Average* is selected, then the R, G and B values are averaged to get a single grayscale value.  If *Luminosity* is selected, then the grayscale value equals (R*0.21)+(G*0.72)+(B*0.07).

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Flattening Method | Selection | Tells the Filter which method to use when flattening the RGB array.

## Required Geometry ##
Not Applicable

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Element | ImageData | Float | (3) or (4) | RGB or RGBa values |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions (dimension, size) | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Element | FlatImageData | Float | (1) | Grayscale values |


## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/FlattenImage.md, after:

Flatten Image {#flattenimage}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Image)

## Description ##
This Filter allows the user to select a *flattening* method for turning an array of RGB or RGBa values into grayscale values.  The options available in this Filter are *Average* and *Luminosity*.  If *Average* is selected, then the R, G and B values are averaged to get a single grayscale value.  If *Luminosity* is selected, then the grayscale value equals (R*0.21)+(G*0.72)+(B*0.07).

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Flattening Method | Selection | Tells the Filter which method to use when flattening the RGB array.

## Required Geometry ##
Not Applicable

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Element | ImageData | Float | (3) or (4) | RGB or RGBa values |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions (dimension, size) | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Element | FlatImageData | Float | (1) | Grayscale values |


## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
