Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/IdentifySample.md, before:

Identify Sample {#identifysample}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Cleanup)

## Description ##
Often when performing a serial-sectioning experiment (especially in the FIB-SEM), the sample is *overscanned* resulting in a border of *bad* data around the sample.  This Filter attempts to _identify_ the sample within the overscanned volume.  The Filter makes the assumption that there is only one contiguous set of **Cells** that belong to the sample.  The Filter requires that the user has already *thresheld* the data to determine which **Cells** are *good* and which are *bad*.  The algorithm for the identification of the sample is then as follows:

1. Search for the largest contiguous set of *good* **Cells**. (This is assumed to be the sample)  
2. Change all other *good* **Cells**  to be *bad* **Cells**.  (This removes the "speckling" of what was *thresheld* as *good* data in the outer border region).

If "Fill Holes" is set to *true*
3. Search for the largest contiguous set of *bad* **Cells**. (This is assumed to be the outer border region)
4. Change all other *bad* **Cells**  to be *good* **Cells**.  (This removes the "speckling" of what was *thresheld* as *bad* data inside of the sample).

*Note:* if there are in fact "holes" in the sample, then this filter will "close" them (if "Fill Holes" is set to true) by calling all the **Cells** "inside" the sample *good*.  If the user wants to reidentify those holes, then reuse the threshold filter with the criteria of *GoodVoxels = 1* and whatever original criteria identified the "holes", as this will limit applying those original criteria to within the sample and not the outer border region.

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Fill Holes | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to fill holes within sample after it is identified |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | GoodVoxels | Boolean | (1) | This is the *thresheld* array defining what is sample and what is not |

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/IdentifySample.md, after:

Identify Sample {#identifysample}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Cleanup)

## Description ##
Often when performing a serial-sectioning experiment (especially in the FIB-SEM), the sample is *overscanned* resulting in a border of *bad* data around the sample.  This Filter attempts to _identify_ the sample within the overscanned volume.  The Filter makes the assumption that there is only one contiguous set of **Cells** that belong to the sample.  The Filter requires that the user has already *thresheld* the data to determine which **Cells** are *good* and which are *bad*.  The algorithm for the identification of the sample is then as follows:

1. Search for the largest contiguous set of *good* **Cells**. (This is assumed to be the sample)  
2. Change all other *good* **Cells**  to be *bad* **Cells**.  (This removes the "speckling" of what was *thresheld* as *good* data in the outer border region).

If "Fill Holes" is set to *true*
3. Search for the largest contiguous set of *bad* **Cells**. (This is assumed to be the outer border region)
4. Change all other *bad* **Cells**  to be *good* **Cells**.  (This removes the "speckling" of what was *thresheld* as *bad* data inside of the sample).

*Note:* if there are in fact "holes" in the sample, then this filter will "close" them (if "Fill Holes" is set to true) by calling all the **Cells** "inside" the sample *good*.  If the user wants to reidentify those holes, then reuse the threshold filter with the criteria of *GoodVoxels = 1* and whatever original criteria identified the "holes", as this will limit applying those original criteria to within the sample and not the outer border region.

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Fill Holes | Boolean | Tells the Filter whether to fill holes within sample after it is identified |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | GoodVoxels | Boolean | (1) | This is the *thresheld* array defining what is sample and what is not |

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
