Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/InitializeData.md, before:

Initialize Data {#initializedata}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Cleanup)

## Description ##
This Filter allows the user to define a subvolume of the dataset in which the Filter will reset all data by writing *zeros (0)* into every array for every **Cell** within the subvolume.

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| X Min | Integer | Minimum X bound in voxels |
| Y Min | Integer | Minimum Y bound in voxels |
| Z Min | Integer | Minimum Z bound in voxels |
| X Max | Integer | Maximum X bound in voxels |
| Y Max | Integer | Maximum Y bound in voxels |
| Z Max | Integer | Maximum Z bound in voxels |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/InitializeData.md, after:

Initialize Data {#initializedata}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Cleanup)

## Description ##
This Filter allows the user to define a subvolume of the dataset in which the Filter will reset all data by writing *zeros (0)* into every array for every **Cell** within the subvolume.

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| X Min | Integer | Minimum X bound in voxels |
| Y Min | Integer | Minimum Y bound in voxels |
| Z Min | Integer | Minimum Z bound in voxels |
| X Max | Integer | Maximum X bound in voxels |
| Y Max | Integer | Maximum Y bound in voxels |
| Z Max | Integer | Maximum Z bound in voxels |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
