Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/MultiThresholdObjects.md, before:

Multi Threshold Objects {#multithresholdobjects}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Threshold)

## Description ##
This Filter allows the user to input single or multiple criteria for thresholding **Objects** in an **Attribute Matrix**. Internally, the algorithm creates the output boolean arrays for each comparison that the user creates. Then all the output arrays are compared and if __any__ of the values for a specific **Object** is __false__, the corresponding **Object** in the final output array is marked as *false*. This is considered a logical "or" operation.
An example of this Filter's use would be after EBSD data is read into DREAM.3D and the user wants to have DREAM.3D consider **Cells** that the user considers *good*. The user would insert this Filter and select the criteria that makes a **Cell** *good*. All arrays **must** come from the same **Attribute Matrix** in order for the Filter to execute. For example, an integer array contains the values 1,2,3,4,5. For a comparison value of 3 and the comparison operator greater than, the boolean threshold array produced will contain *false*, *false*, *false*, *true*, *true*.

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Select Arrays to Threshold By | Comparison List | This is the set of criteria applied to the **Objects** the selected arrays correspond to when doing the thresholding |

## Required Geometry ##
Not Applicable

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| *User Chosen* | *User Chosen* | Variable | Variable | Array(s) selected in criteria set |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| *User Chosen* | User Defined | Boolean | (1) | Specifies whether the **Object** passed the set of criteria applied during thresholding |

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.





See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/MultiThresholdObjects.md, after:

Multi Threshold Objects {#multithresholdobjects}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Threshold)

## Description ##
This Filter allows the user to input single or multiple criteria for thresholding **Objects** in an **Attribute Matrix**. Internally, the algorithm creates the output boolean arrays for each comparison that the user creates. Then all the output arrays are compared and if __any__ of the values for a specific **Object** is __false__, the corresponding **Object** in the final output array is marked as *false*. This is considered a logical "or" operation.
An example of this Filter's use would be after EBSD data is read into DREAM.3D and the user wants to have DREAM.3D consider **Cells** that the user considers *good*. The user would insert this Filter and select the criteria that makes a **Cell** *good*. All arrays **must** come from the same **Attribute Matrix** in order for the Filter to execute. For example, an integer array contains the values 1,2,3,4,5. For a comparison value of 3 and the comparison operator greater than, the boolean threshold array produced will contain *false*, *false*, *false*, *true*, *true*.

## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Select Arrays to Threshold By | Comparison List | This is the set of criteria applied to the **Objects** the selected arrays correspond to when doing the thresholding |

## Required Geometry ##
Not Applicable

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| *User Chosen* | *User Chosen* | Variable | Variable | Array(s) selected in criteria set |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| *User Chosen* | User Defined | Boolean | (1) | Specifies whether the **Object** passed the set of criteria applied during thresholding |

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.





## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
