Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/RotateEulerRefFrame.md, before:

Rotate Euler Reference Frame {#rotateeulerrefframe}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Conversion)

## Description ##
This filter will rotate the *Euler Angles* that exist at each **Cell**.  In actuality, the *reference frame* is being rotated and thus the *Euler Angles* necessary to represent the same orientation must change to account for the new *reference frame*.  The user can set an *angle* and an *axis* to define the rotation of the *reference frame*.

## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Rotation Axis | Vector (3) of Floats |
| Rotation Angle | Float |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell | CellEulerAngles | Three (3) angles (floats) defining the orientation of the **Cell** in Bunge convention (Z-X-Z) | Values should be present from experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Match Crystallography (SyntheticBuilding) |

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2012 Michael A. Groeber (AFRL),2012 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

More updates to processing plugin documentation - Rotate Euler Reference Frame, started RenumberFeaturesBinnedOrientation, but considering removing it from plugin

Source/Plugins/Processing/Documentation/ProcessingFilters/RotateEulerRefFrame.md, after:

Rotate Euler Reference Frame {#rotateeulerrefframe}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Processing Filters (Conversion)

## Description ##
This filter will rotate the *Euler Angles* that exist at each **Element**.  In actuality, the *reference frame* is being rotated and thus the *Euler Angles* necessary to represent the same orientation must change to account for the new *reference frame*.  The user can set an *angle* and an *axis* to define the rotation of the *reference frame*.

## Parameters ##

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|------|
| Rotation Axis | Float (x 3) | Axis that the Euler reference frame will be rotated about |
| Rotation Angle | Float | Angle (in degrees) that the Euler reference frame will be rotated around the rotation axis |

## Required Geometry ##
Not Applicable

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions (dimension, size) | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Element | CellEulerAngles | Float | (1,3) | Euler angles defining the orientation of the **Element** in Bunge convention (Z-X-Z) |

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2012 Michael A. Groeber (AFRL),2012 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)
