Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/TestFilters/DynamicTableExample.md, before:

DynamicTableExample {#dynamictableexample}
=====

## Group (Subgroup) ##
ExamplePlugin (ExamplePlugin)


## Description ##
This filter shows an example usage of the DynamicTable Filter Parameter Widget.

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Feature Array Name | String |

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |


## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |



## Authors: ##

**Copyright:** BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/TestFilters/DynamicTableExample.md, after:

DynamicTableExample {#dynamictableexample}
=====

## Group (Subgroup) ##
ExamplePlugin (ExamplePlugin)


## Description ##
This filter shows an example usage of the DynamicTable Filter Parameter Widget.

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Feature Array Name | String |

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |


## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |



## Authors: ##

**Copyright:** BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
