Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/UnusedFilters/SegmentBetaGrains.md, before:


Segment **Features** (Prior Beta Grains) {#segmentbetagrains}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Reconstruction Filters (Segmentation)

## Description ##


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Misorientation Tolerance | Double |
| Axis Tolerance | Double |
| Angle Tolerance | Double |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Comment |
|------|--------------|---------|
| Cell | CellPhases |  |
| Cell | Quats |  |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures |  |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Comment |
|------|--------------|---------|
| Cell | GoodVoxels |  |
| Cell | GrainIds |  |
| Feature | Active |  |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/UnusedFilters/SegmentBetaGrains.md, after:


Segment **Features** (Prior Beta Grains) {#segmentbetagrains}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Reconstruction Filters (Segmentation)

## Description ##


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Misorientation Tolerance | Double |
| Axis Tolerance | Double |
| Angle Tolerance | Double |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Comment |
|------|--------------|---------|
| Cell | CellPhases |  |
| Cell | Quats |  |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures |  |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Comment |
|------|--------------|---------|
| Cell | GoodVoxels |  |
| Cell | GrainIds |  |
| Feature | Active |  |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
