Source/Plugins/Statistics/Documentation/StatisticsFilters/FindFeatureHistogram.md, before:

Find Feature Histogram {#findfeaturehistogram}
==========

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Statistics Filters (Ensemble)

## Description ##
This filter will bin a specified **Feature** level attribute.  The user can chose both which attributes to bin and the number of bins.  The bins will be stored in an **Ensemble** array.

## Parameters ##

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------| ----------- |
| Feature Array To Bin | String | Feature to be binned. |
| Number Of Bins | Integer | |
| Remove Biased Features | Boolean | TRUE if biased features are to be omitted from the binning counts. |

## Required DataContainers ##
Volume

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Feature | BiasedFeatures | Boolean flag of 1 if **Feature** is biased or of 0 if it is not. | | Find Biased Features (Generic) |
| Feature | SelectedFeature | Selected feature to be binned. | | |


## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Ensemble | Statistics |  |  |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2013 Joseph C. Tucker (UES), 2012 Michael A. Groeber (AFRL), 2012 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/Statistics/Documentation/StatisticsFilters/FindFeatureHistogram.md, after:

Find Feature Histogram {#findfeaturehistogram}
==========

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Statistics Filters (Ensemble)

## Description ##
This filter will bin a specified **Feature** level attribute.  The user can chose both which attributes to bin and the number of bins.  The bins will be stored in an **Ensemble** array.

## Parameters ##

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------| ----------- |
| Feature Array To Bin | String | Feature to be binned. |
| Number Of Bins | Integer | |
| Remove Biased Features | Boolean | TRUE if biased features are to be omitted from the binning counts. |

## Required DataContainers ##
Volume

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Feature | BiasedFeatures | Boolean flag of 1 if **Feature** is biased or of 0 if it is not. | | Find Biased Features (Generic) |
| Feature | SelectedFeature | Selected feature to be binned. | | |


## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Ensemble | Statistics |  |  |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2013 Joseph C. Tucker (UES), 2012 Michael A. Groeber (AFRL), 2012 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
