Source/Plugins/SyntheticBuilding/Documentation/SyntheticBuildingFilters/InitializeSyntheticVolume.md, before:

Initialize Synthetic Volume {#initializesyntheticvolume}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Synthetic Builder Filters (Packing)

## Description ##
This filter creates an empty volume for inserting features into to create synthetic microstructures.  The user is asked to set the number of **Cells** in each dimension as well as the edge length of each **Cell** (units are typically in microns, but are actually the user's choice).  The user must also specify the path to the file that holds the goal statistics that will be matched durign the synthetic microstructure generation process.  The filter, after reading the stats file, will populate a *ShapeTypes* section, where the user must provide a type of geometrical object to represent the various phases with (i.e. ellipsoids, super-ellipsoids, cubo-octahedra, cylinders).

The Filter produces an estimate of the number of **Features** in the volume associated with the
values the user entered.


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Statistics File | Input File |
| X Cells | Integer |
| Y Cells | Integer |
| Z Cells | Integer |
| X Res | Double |
| Y Res | Double |
| Z Res | Double |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Ensemble | ShapeTypes | Enumeration (int) specifying the shape class of the **Features** of each **Ensemble** (Ellipsoid=0, SuperEllipsoid=1, CubeOctahedron=2, Cylinder=3) | | Values are obtained from user input on GUI |
| Ensemble | PhaseTypes | Enumeration (int) specifying the type of phase of each Ensemble/phase (Primary=0, Precipitate=1, Transformation=2, Matrix=3, Boundary=4) |  | Intialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding), Generate Ensemble Statistics (Statistics) |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures | Enumeration (int) specifying the crystal structure of each Ensemble/phase (Hexagonal=0, Cubic=1, Orthorhombic=2) | Values should be present from experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Ensemble | Statistics |  |  | Generate Ensemble Statistics (Statistics), StatsGenerator Application |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Cell | CellPhases | Phase Id (int) specifying the phase of the **Cell** |  |
| Cell | GrainIds | Ids (ints) that specify to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |  |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/SyntheticBuilding/Documentation/SyntheticBuildingFilters/InitializeSyntheticVolume.md, after:

Initialize Synthetic Volume {#initializesyntheticvolume}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Synthetic Builder Filters (Packing)

## Description ##
This filter creates an empty volume for inserting features into to create synthetic microstructures.  The user is asked to set the number of **Cells** in each dimension as well as the edge length of each **Cell** (units are typically in microns, but are actually the user's choice).  The user must also specify the path to the file that holds the goal statistics that will be matched durign the synthetic microstructure generation process.  The filter, after reading the stats file, will populate a *ShapeTypes* section, where the user must provide a type of geometrical object to represent the various phases with (i.e. ellipsoids, super-ellipsoids, cubo-octahedra, cylinders).

The Filter produces an estimate of the number of **Features** in the volume associated with the
values the user entered.


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Statistics File | Input File |
| X Cells | Integer |
| Y Cells | Integer |
| Z Cells | Integer |
| X Res | Double |
| Y Res | Double |
| Z Res | Double |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Ensemble | ShapeTypes | Enumeration (int) specifying the shape class of the **Features** of each **Ensemble** (Ellipsoid=0, SuperEllipsoid=1, CubeOctahedron=2, Cylinder=3) | | Values are obtained from user input on GUI |
| Ensemble | PhaseTypes | Enumeration (int) specifying the type of phase of each Ensemble/phase (Primary=0, Precipitate=1, Transformation=2, Matrix=3, Boundary=4) |  | Intialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding), Generate Ensemble Statistics (Statistics) |
| Ensemble | CrystalStructures | Enumeration (int) specifying the crystal structure of each Ensemble/phase (Hexagonal=0, Cubic=1, Orthorhombic=2) | Values should be present from experimental data or synthetic generation and cannot be determined by this filter. Not having these values will result in the filter to fail/not execute. | Read H5Ebsd File (IO), Read Ensemble Info File (IO), Initialize Synthetic Volume (SyntheticBuilding) |
| Ensemble | Statistics |  |  | Generate Ensemble Statistics (Statistics), StatsGenerator Application |

## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| Cell | CellPhases | Phase Id (int) specifying the phase of the **Cell** |  |
| Cell | GrainIds | Ids (ints) that specify to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |  |

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
