Source/Plugins/SyntheticBuilding/Documentation/SyntheticBuildingFilters/PackPrimaryPhases.md, before:

Pack Primary Phases {#packprimaryphases}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Synthetic Builder Filters (Packing)

## Description ##
If there are primary *Phases Types* in the volume, then this Filter will place primary **Features** with the sizes, shapes, physical orientations and locations corresponding to the goal statistics.   All primary phase types will placed at once.

First, the Filter will determine the available volume for placing primary **Features**.  This is accomplished by querying the *Feature Ids* array for the number of **Cells** not currently assigned to a valid **Feature** (*Feature Id* > 0).  Then, the available volume is divided amongst the primary phase types according to their relative volume fractions.  The size distribution of each primary phase type is sampled until the necessary volume of **Features** is generated.  After each primary phase type has a list of **Feature** sizes from sampling the size distribution, the shapes, number of neighoring **Features** and physical orientations are sampled from distributions that are correlated to the size distribution for that primary phase type.  At this point, the **Features** are fixed in their definition and are placed randomly in the volume.  Once all **Features**, from all primary phase types, are placed, the packing is assessed on two criteria: 1. How well do the **Features** fill space (i.e .minimal overlaps and gaps) and 2. How well do the neighborhoods of **Features** match the neighbor statistics distributions.  For a fixed number of iterations (100 * number of **Features**), the **Features** are moved and swapped while trying to optimize against the two criteria mentioned previously.  If a move or swap improves the packing, it is accepted and if it does not it is rejected.  During this process, the **Features** are not actually placed and are not filling space, but rather being represented analytically.  Once the itrative process is finished, the **Features** are locked at their current location and they begin to *grow* from their centroid location according to their size, shape and orientation.  The growth rates are defined such that the **Features** grow as the *Shape Type* they are (i.e. ellipsoid, superellipsoid, cube-octaheron, cylinder, etc), in the orientation they were placed and at a speed relative to their size.  This growth continues until **Features** impinge and until all available **Cells** from the initial check are consumed.

The user can specify if they want *periodic boundary conditions*.  If they choose *periodic boundary conditions*, when the **Features** are being placed and when they are growing, if a **Feature** attempts to extend past the boundary of the volume, it wraps to the opposing face and is placed on the opposite side of the volume.

The user can also specify if they want to write out the goal attributes of the generated **Features**.  The **Features**, once packed, will not necessarily have the exact statistics (size, shape, orientation, number of neighbors) as sampled from the distributions.  This is due to the use of non-space-filling objects in the packing process.  The overlaps and gaps that occur after packing, must be assigned and will cause the **Features** to deviate from the intended goal (albeit hopefully in a minor way).  Writing out the goal attributes allows the user to then calculate the actual attributes and compare to determine how well the packing algorithm is working for their **Features**.

The user can specify if they want to use a *mask* when building the volume.  If the user chooses to use a *mask*, the they will have specify a boolean array that defines the volume that **Features** can be placed in (*=true*) and the volume that **Features** cannot grown past (*=false*).  

The user can also choose to read in a list of **Features** with their locations and size and shape descriptions already determined.  If this option is choosen, the Filter will skip the steps of generating the **Features** and iteratively placing them and will begin *growing* the **Features** defined in list.  The format of the *Feature Input File* is:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Number of Features
Phase, X, Y, Z, A, B, C, O3, Phi1, PHI, Phi2
Phase, X, Y, Z, A, B, C, O3, Phi1, PHI, Phi2
Phase, X, Y, Z, A, B, C, O3, Phi1, PHI, Phi2
.
.
.
Phase, X, Y, Z, A, B, C, O3, Phi1, PHI, Phi2
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

where (X,Y,Z) are the coordinates of the **Feature**'s centroid, (A,B,C) are the major, mid and minor principal semiaxis lengths of the **Feature**, O3 is the Omega 3 value of the **Feature** and (Phi1,PHI,Phi2) are the *Euler angles* that describe the **Features**'s orientation in the sample reference frame.



## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------| ----------- |
| Periodic Boundaries | Boolean | Specifies whether the Filter will *wrap* **Features** to create *periodic boundary conditions* |
| Use Mask | Boolean | Specifies whether there is an array that defines where the **Features** can be placed and where they cannot *grow* past |
| Already Have Featrues | Boolean | Specifies whether the user already has the final location and the size and shape definition of the **Features** and can skip the **Feature** generation and iterative placement process |
| Feature Input File | File Path | Path to the file that contains the description and location of the **Features** the user wishes to use (only necessary if *Already Have Featrues* is *true*) |
| Write Goal Attributes | Boolean | Specifies whether the user wants the goal attributes of the generated **Features** to be written to a file |
| Goal Attributes CSV File | File Path | Path to the file that will hold the goal attributes of the generated **Features** (only necessary if *Write Goal Attributes* is *true*) |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell     | Phases            | Int | (1) | Specifies the **Ensemble** of the **Cell** |
| Cell | FeatureIds | Int | (1) | Specifies to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |
| Ensemble | PhaseTypes | Int | (1) | Enumeration specifying the type of phase of each **Ensemble** (Primary=0, Precipitate=1, Transformation=2, Matrix=3, Boundary=4, Unknown=999) |
| Ensemble | ShapeTypes | Int | (1) | Enumeration specifying the type of shape to place for each **Ensemble** (Ellipsoid=0, Superellipsoid=1, Cube-Octahedron=2, Cylinder=3, Unknown=999) |
| Ensemble | Statistics | Statistics Object | (1) | Statistics objects (depending on *Phase Type*) that store fits to descriptors like: size distribution, shape distribution, neighbor distribution, ODF, MDF, etc) |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Feature | Phases | Int | (1) | Specifies the phase of the **Feature** - Values will begin at 1 as there is no phase 0, which is used temporarily in some filters for bad data|

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/SyntheticBuilding/Documentation/SyntheticBuildingFilters/PackPrimaryPhases.md, after:

Pack Primary Phases {#packprimaryphases}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Synthetic Builder Filters (Packing)

## Description ##
If there are primary *Phases Types* in the volume, then this Filter will place primary **Features** with the sizes, shapes, physical orientations and locations corresponding to the goal statistics.   All primary phase types will placed at once.

First, the Filter will determine the available volume for placing primary **Features**.  This is accomplished by querying the *Feature Ids* array for the number of **Cells** not currently assigned to a valid **Feature** (*Feature Id* > 0).  Then, the available volume is divided amongst the primary phase types according to their relative volume fractions.  The size distribution of each primary phase type is sampled until the necessary volume of **Features** is generated.  After each primary phase type has a list of **Feature** sizes from sampling the size distribution, the shapes, number of neighoring **Features** and physical orientations are sampled from distributions that are correlated to the size distribution for that primary phase type.  At this point, the **Features** are fixed in their definition and are placed randomly in the volume.  Once all **Features**, from all primary phase types, are placed, the packing is assessed on two criteria: 1. How well do the **Features** fill space (i.e .minimal overlaps and gaps) and 2. How well do the neighborhoods of **Features** match the neighbor statistics distributions.  For a fixed number of iterations (100 * number of **Features**), the **Features** are moved and swapped while trying to optimize against the two criteria mentioned previously.  If a move or swap improves the packing, it is accepted and if it does not it is rejected.  During this process, the **Features** are not actually placed and are not filling space, but rather being represented analytically.  Once the itrative process is finished, the **Features** are locked at their current location and they begin to *grow* from their centroid location according to their size, shape and orientation.  The growth rates are defined such that the **Features** grow as the *Shape Type* they are (i.e. ellipsoid, superellipsoid, cube-octaheron, cylinder, etc), in the orientation they were placed and at a speed relative to their size.  This growth continues until **Features** impinge and until all available **Cells** from the initial check are consumed.

The user can specify if they want *periodic boundary conditions*.  If they choose *periodic boundary conditions*, when the **Features** are being placed and when they are growing, if a **Feature** attempts to extend past the boundary of the volume, it wraps to the opposing face and is placed on the opposite side of the volume.

The user can also specify if they want to write out the goal attributes of the generated **Features**.  The **Features**, once packed, will not necessarily have the exact statistics (size, shape, orientation, number of neighbors) as sampled from the distributions.  This is due to the use of non-space-filling objects in the packing process.  The overlaps and gaps that occur after packing, must be assigned and will cause the **Features** to deviate from the intended goal (albeit hopefully in a minor way).  Writing out the goal attributes allows the user to then calculate the actual attributes and compare to determine how well the packing algorithm is working for their **Features**.

The user can specify if they want to use a *mask* when building the volume.  If the user chooses to use a *mask*, the they will have specify a boolean array that defines the volume that **Features** can be placed in (*=true*) and the volume that **Features** cannot grown past (*=false*).  

The user can also choose to read in a list of **Features** with their locations and size and shape descriptions already determined.  If this option is choosen, the Filter will skip the steps of generating the **Features** and iteratively placing them and will begin *growing* the **Features** defined in list.  The format of the *Feature Input File* is:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Number of Features
Phase, X, Y, Z, A, B, C, O3, Phi1, PHI, Phi2
Phase, X, Y, Z, A, B, C, O3, Phi1, PHI, Phi2
Phase, X, Y, Z, A, B, C, O3, Phi1, PHI, Phi2
.
.
.
Phase, X, Y, Z, A, B, C, O3, Phi1, PHI, Phi2
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

where (X,Y,Z) are the coordinates of the **Feature**'s centroid, (A,B,C) are the major, mid and minor principal semiaxis lengths of the **Feature**, O3 is the Omega 3 value of the **Feature** and (Phi1,PHI,Phi2) are the *Euler angles* that describe the **Features**'s orientation in the sample reference frame.



## Parameters ##
| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------| ----------- |
| Periodic Boundaries | Boolean | Specifies whether the Filter will *wrap* **Features** to create *periodic boundary conditions* |
| Use Mask | Boolean | Specifies whether there is an array that defines where the **Features** can be placed and where they cannot *grow* past |
| Already Have Featrues | Boolean | Specifies whether the user already has the final location and the size and shape definition of the **Features** and can skip the **Feature** generation and iterative placement process |
| Feature Input File | File Path | Path to the file that contains the description and location of the **Features** the user wishes to use (only necessary if *Already Have Featrues* is *true*) |
| Write Goal Attributes | Boolean | Specifies whether the user wants the goal attributes of the generated **Features** to be written to a file |
| Goal Attributes CSV File | File Path | Path to the file that will hold the goal attributes of the generated **Features** (only necessary if *Write Goal Attributes* is *true*) |

## Required Geometry ##
Image / Rectilinear Grid

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell     | Phases            | Int | (1) | Specifies the **Ensemble** of the **Cell** |
| Cell | FeatureIds | Int | (1) | Specifies to which **Feature** each **Cell** belongs. |
| Ensemble | PhaseTypes | Int | (1) | Enumeration specifying the type of phase of each **Ensemble** (Primary=0, Precipitate=1, Transformation=2, Matrix=3, Boundary=4, Unknown=999) |
| Ensemble | ShapeTypes | Int | (1) | Enumeration specifying the type of shape to place for each **Ensemble** (Ellipsoid=0, Superellipsoid=1, Cube-Octahedron=2, Cylinder=3, Unknown=999) |
| Ensemble | Statistics | Statistics Object | (1) | Statistics objects (depending on *Phase Type*) that store fits to descriptors like: size distribution, shape distribution, neighbor distribution, ODF, MDF, etc) |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Feature | Phases | Int | (1) | Specifies the phase of the **Feature** - Values will begin at 1 as there is no phase 0, which is used temporarily in some filters for bad data|

## Authors ##
**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
