Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/AbaqusHexahedronWriter.md, before:

Abaqus Hexahedron Writer {#abaqushexahedronwriter}
=====

## Group (Subgroup) ##
IO (Writers)


## Description ##
This filter does the following...

Desciption of each input

maybe first few lines of the output files

Give Credit to Matthew Priddy at Ga. Tech for the original codes.

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Output Path | String |
| File Prefix | String |
| Feature Ids | String |
| Hour Glass Stiffness | Int |
| Job Name | String |

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | Feature Ids        | The feature Ids array |    |


## Created Arrays ##

None



## Authors ##

**Copyright** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.

## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users

Commit message:

Updating the License & Authors section of the filter documentation.
updates #274

Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/AbaqusHexahedronWriter.md, after:

Abaqus Hexahedron Writer {#abaqushexahedronwriter}
=====

## Group (Subgroup) ##
IO (Writers)


## Description ##
This filter does the following...

Desciption of each input

maybe first few lines of the output files

Give Credit to Matthew Priddy at Ga. Tech for the original codes.

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Output Path | String |
| File Prefix | String |
| Feature Ids | String |
| Hour Glass Stiffness | Int |
| Job Name | String |

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | Feature Ids        | The feature Ids array |    |


## Created Arrays ##

None



## Authors ##

**Copyright** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.

## License & Copyright ##

Please see the description file distributed with this plugin.

## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
