Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/AbaqusSurfaceMeshWriter.md, before:

Write Abaqus Surface Mesh {#abaqussurfacemeshwriter}
=====

# EXPERIMENTAL FILTER #


## Group (Subgroup) ##
IOFilters (Output)


## Description ##
This filter writes an Abaqus file that is a surface mesh using S3 Elements

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Feature Array Name | String |

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |


## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |



## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users

Commit message:

Updating the License & Authors section of the filter documentation.
updates #274

Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/AbaqusSurfaceMeshWriter.md, after:

Write Abaqus Surface Mesh {#abaqussurfacemeshwriter}
=====

# EXPERIMENTAL FILTER #


## Group (Subgroup) ##
IOFilters (Output)


## Description ##
This filter writes an Abaqus file that is a surface mesh using S3 Elements

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Feature Array Name | String |

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |


## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------------|-------------|---------|
| Int  | SomeName           | ....        | other   |



## Authors ##


**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



## License & Copyright ##

Please see the description file distributed with this plugin.

## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
