Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/NodesTrianglesToVtk.md, before:

Nodes & Triangles To Vtk File {#nodestrianglestovtk}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
IO Filters

## Description ##
This filter will convert a pair of triangle and nodes files commonly used by
CMU in their GBCD studies and output a VTK PolyData File in either ASCII or
Binary format. Note if the file is in Binary that the binary portions are written
in Big Endian format as specified by the vtk file format.

The nodes file format is as follows:
-  first line = number of nodes
-  column 1 = node id, starts from zero.
-  column 2 = node type,
  + 2 = on the **Feature** boundary
  + 3 = on the triple line,
  + 4 = quadruple point or on quadruple line if 10 is added, eg 12, 13, and 14, then they are on the surface of microstructure.

>For the nodes on surfaces of microstructure, negative wrapper spins are treated as neighboring **Features**.
> + 12 = on the **Feature** boundary trace area at the surface of microstructure
> + 13 = on the **Feature** boundary trace line
> + 14 = on the triple point, and so on

column 3 to 5 = coordinates of nodes, x, y, and z


The triangles file format is as follows:

-  first line = number of triangles
-  column 1 = triangle id, starts from zero
-  column 2 to 4 = node1, node2 and node3 of individual triangles
-  column 5 to 7 = edge1 (from node1 and node2), edge2 (from node2 and node3) and edge3 (from node3 and node1) of individual triangle
-  column 8 and 9 = neighboring spins of individual triangles, column 8 = spins on the left side when following winding order using right hand.

If the user selects to __disable__ the **Conformal Mesh** option then 2
triangles will be written to the file and the scalar data will have 2 entries for
the __grain id__ one for each **Feature** that the triangle borders.

## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Nodes File | The input nodes file |
| Triangles File | The input Triangles file |
| Output VTK File | The output vtk PolyData file |
| Binary VTK File | Write the Vtk file using binary instead of ASCII |
| Conformal Mesh | Write a conformal mesh |

## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/NodesTrianglesToVtk.md, after:

Nodes & Triangles To Vtk File {#nodestrianglestovtk}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
IO Filters

## Description ##
This filter will convert a pair of triangle and nodes files commonly used by
CMU in their GBCD studies and output a VTK PolyData File in either ASCII or
Binary format. Note if the file is in Binary that the binary portions are written
in Big Endian format as specified by the vtk file format.

The nodes file format is as follows:
-  first line = number of nodes
-  column 1 = node id, starts from zero.
-  column 2 = node type,
  + 2 = on the **Feature** boundary
  + 3 = on the triple line,
  + 4 = quadruple point or on quadruple line if 10 is added, eg 12, 13, and 14, then they are on the surface of microstructure.

>For the nodes on surfaces of microstructure, negative wrapper spins are treated as neighboring **Features**.
> + 12 = on the **Feature** boundary trace area at the surface of microstructure
> + 13 = on the **Feature** boundary trace line
> + 14 = on the triple point, and so on

column 3 to 5 = coordinates of nodes, x, y, and z


The triangles file format is as follows:

-  first line = number of triangles
-  column 1 = triangle id, starts from zero
-  column 2 to 4 = node1, node2 and node3 of individual triangles
-  column 5 to 7 = edge1 (from node1 and node2), edge2 (from node2 and node3) and edge3 (from node3 and node1) of individual triangle
-  column 8 and 9 = neighboring spins of individual triangles, column 8 = spins on the left side when following winding order using right hand.

If the user selects to __disable__ the **Conformal Mesh** option then 2
triangles will be written to the file and the scalar data will have 2 entries for
the __grain id__ one for each **Feature** that the triangle borders.

## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Nodes File | The input nodes file |
| Triangles File | The input Triangles file |
| Output VTK File | The output vtk PolyData file |
| Binary VTK File | Write the Vtk file using binary instead of ASCII |
| Conformal Mesh | Write a conformal mesh |

## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh

## Required Arrays ##
None

## Created Arrays ##
None

## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
