Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/SurfaceMeshToNonconformalVtk.md, before:

Write NonConformal Vtk PolyData from SurfaceMesh {#surfacemeshtononconformalvtk}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
IO Filters (Output)

## Description ##


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Output Vtk File | Output File |
| Write Binary Vtk File | Boolean (On or Off) |

## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| NodeArray Attribute | SurfaceMeshNodeType | The node types values |   | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |
| FaceArray Attribute | SurfaceMeshTriangleLabels | The **Feature** Id Labels for each Face(Triangle) |   | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |
| NodeArray | | The shared node (vertex) list |   | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |
| FaceArray | | The list of all triangles (faces) in the mesh |   | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |


## Created Arrays ##
None



## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/SurfaceMeshToNonconformalVtk.md, after:

Write NonConformal Vtk PolyData from SurfaceMesh {#surfacemeshtononconformalvtk}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
IO Filters (Output)

## Description ##


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Output Vtk File | Output File |
| Write Binary Vtk File | Boolean (On or Off) |

## Required DataContainers ##
SurfaceMesh

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| NodeArray Attribute | SurfaceMeshNodeType | The node types values |   | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |
| FaceArray Attribute | SurfaceMeshTriangleLabels | The **Feature** Id Labels for each Face(Triangle) |   | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |
| NodeArray | | The shared node (vertex) list |   | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |
| FaceArray | | The list of all triangles (faces) in the mesh |   | Quick Surface Mesh (SurfaceMeshing), M3C Surface Meshing (Slice at a Time) |


## Created Arrays ##
None



## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
