Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/VtkStructuredPointsReader.md, before:

Vtk Structured Points Reader  {#vtkstructuredpointsreader}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
IO Filters

## Description ##

This filter reads an STRUCTURED_POINTS type of 3D array from a legacy .vtk file. The
currently supported vtk dataset attribute types are SCALARS and VECTORS. More will
come eventually.

The reader should be able to handle both Binary and ASCII data.

The filter will create a new DataContainer with a Structured Points Geometry and will
then create a new AttributeMatrix inside the new Data Container.

### Sample File ###

    # vtk DataFile Version 2.0
    GrainIds Stored in Vtk File
    ASCII
    DATASET STRUCTURED_POINTS
    DIMENSIONS 3 4 6
    SPACING 1 1 1
    ORIGIN 0 0 0
    CELL_DATA 72
    SCALARS GrainIds char 1
    LOOKUP_TABLE default
    0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
    0 5 10 15 20 25 25 20 15
    10 5 0 0 10 20 30 40 50
    50 40 30 20 10 0 0 10 20
    30 40 50 50 40 30 20 10 0
    0 5 10 15 20 25 25 20 15
    10 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Input Vtk File | Input File |
| DataContainer Name | String |
| Attribute Matrix Name | String |

## Required DataContainers ##
None. This filter will create one

## Required Arrays ##
None. This filter will create data arrays


## Created Arrays ##
One data array for each data set attribute in the vtk file.


## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2014 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 2.0.0. Version 1.0.0 of this filter would ONLY read GrainIds or Feature Ids.

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Fixing 32 limitation issue with reading up more than 2.1GBs of data in a single shot. The code needs to read the data in smaller batches for it to work. Also does a faster 'skipVolume'. Instead of allocating and deleting memory, we just set the file position to the new location.

Source/Plugins/IO/Documentation/IOFilters/VtkStructuredPointsReader.md, after:

Vtk Structured Points Reader  {#vtkstructuredpointsreader}
======

## Group (Subgroup) ##
IO Filters

## Description ##

This filter reads an STRUCTURED_POINTS type of 3D array from a legacy .vtk file. The
currently supported vtk dataset attribute types are SCALARS and VECTORS. More will
come eventually. The vtk data must be POINT_DATA and CELL_DATA

The reader should be able to handle both Binary and ASCII data.

The filter will create a new DataContainer with a Structured Points Geometry and will
then create a new AttributeMatrix inside the new Data Container.

### Sample File ###

    # vtk DataFile Version 2.0
    GrainIds Stored in Vtk File
    ASCII
    DATASET STRUCTURED_POINTS
    DIMENSIONS 3 4 6
    SPACING 1 1 1
    ORIGIN 0 0 0
    POINT_DATA 72
    SCALARS GrainIds char 1
    LOOKUP_TABLE default
    0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
    0 5 10 15 20 25 25 20 15
    10 5 0 0 10 20 30 40 50
    50 40 30 20 10 0 0 10 20
    30 40 50 50 40 30 20 10 0
    0 5 10 15 20 25 25 20 15
    10 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0


## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Input Vtk File | Input File |
| DataContainer Name | String |
| Attribute Matrix Name | String |

## Required DataContainers ##
None. This filter will create one

## Required Arrays ##
None. This filter will create data arrays


## Created Arrays ##
One data array for each data set attribute in the vtk file.


## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2014 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 2.0.0. Version 1.0.0 of this filter would ONLY read GrainIds or Feature Ids.

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.




See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)
