Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/CoreFilters/CopyAttributeArray.md, before:

Rename Attribute Array {#copyattributearray}
==============================

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Core Filters (Memory/Management)

## Description ##
This filter copies a user chosen array to a new array with a user defined new name.

## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Array Name | String |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| *User Chosen* | *User Chosen* |  | Array will always be present, since the user may only chose from existing arrays | N/A |


## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| *User Chosen* | *User Defined* | | Array will have same values as its old counterpart |





## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC, 2014 William C. Lenthe (UCSB)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/CoreFilters/CopyAttributeArray.md, after:

Rename Attribute Array {#copyattributearray}
==============================

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Core Filters (Memory/Management)

## Description ##
This filter copies a user chosen array to a new array with a user defined new name.

## Parameters ##

| Name | Type |
|------|------|
| Array Name | String |

## Required DataContainers ##
Voxel

## Required Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment | Filters Known to Create Data |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| *User Chosen* | *User Chosen* |  | Array will always be present, since the user may only chose from existing arrays | N/A |


## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Name | Description | Comment |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|
| *User Chosen* | *User Defined* | | Array will have same values as its old counterpart |





## Authors ##

**Copyright:** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC, 2014 William C. Lenthe (UCSB)

**Contact Info:** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version:** 1.0.0

**License:**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
