Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/CoreFilters/CreateDataArray.md, before:

Create Data Array {#createdataarray}
=====

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Core (Misc)


## Description ##
This filter creates a DataArray of any primitive type with any number of components (1 Row x N Cols) and initialize all the values to a user settable value. The primitive type of the array to create is set using an integer constant. Code listing 1 shows the values:

    static const int Int8 = 0;
    static const int UInt8 = 1;
    static const int Int16 = 2;
    static const int UInt16 = 3;
    static const int Int32 = 4;
    static const int UInt32 = 5;
    static const int Int64 = 6;
    static const int UInt64 = 7;
    static const int Float = 8;
    static const int Double = 9;
    static const int Bool = 10;
    
**Code Listing 1**

## Data Types ##

| Type             | Size |        Range       |
|------------------|------|--------------------|
| Signed Integer | 8 bit |0 to 255|
| Unsigned Integer | 8 bit |-128 to 127|
| Signed Integer | 16 bit |-32,768 to 32,767|
| Unsigned Integer | 16 bit |0 to 65,535|
| Signed Integer | 32 bit |-2,147,483,648 to 2,147,483,647|
| Unsigned Integer | 32 bit |0 to 4,294,967,295|
| Signed Integer | 64 bit |–9,223,372,036,854,775,808 to 9,223,372,036,854,775,807|
| Unsigned Integer | 64 bit |0 to 18,446,744,073,709,551,615|
| Float | 32 bit | -3.4e+38 to -1.1e-38, 0.0, 1.1e-38 to 3.4e+38 (7 digits)|
| Double | 64 bit | -1.7e+308 to -2.2e-308, 0.0, 2.2e-308 to 1.7e+308 (15 digits)|
| Boolean | 8 bit |0 = false and any other value will be forced to 1 = true|

The number of components should be at least 1. An example of "Number of Components" would be 3 for an RGB Image, 1 for a gray scale image, 1 for a simple array, 4 for a Quaternions array. All values of the array will be initialized to the user set value. The initialization value text box
must have a user entry or the default value will be used.

## Parameters ##

| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| AttributeMatrix | DataArrayPath |
| Output DataArray Name | String |
| Scalar Type | Integer |
| Number of Components | Integer |
| Initialization Value | double |

## Required Arrays ##

None



## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name |
|--------|----------------------------|
| Based on User Input  | User Settable  |



## Authors ##

**Copyright** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/CoreFilters/CreateDataArray.md, after:

Create Data Array {#createdataarray}
=====

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Core (Misc)


## Description ##
This filter creates a DataArray of any primitive type with any number of components (1 Row x N Cols) and initialize all the values to a user settable value. The primitive type of the array to create is set using an integer constant. Code listing 1 shows the values:

    static const int Int8 = 0;
    static const int UInt8 = 1;
    static const int Int16 = 2;
    static const int UInt16 = 3;
    static const int Int32 = 4;
    static const int UInt32 = 5;
    static const int Int64 = 6;
    static const int UInt64 = 7;
    static const int Float = 8;
    static const int Double = 9;
    static const int Bool = 10;
    
**Code Listing 1**

## Data Types ##

| Type             | Size |        Range       |
|------------------|------|--------------------|
| Signed Integer | 8 bit |0 to 255|
| Unsigned Integer | 8 bit |-128 to 127|
| Signed Integer | 16 bit |-32,768 to 32,767|
| Unsigned Integer | 16 bit |0 to 65,535|
| Signed Integer | 32 bit |-2,147,483,648 to 2,147,483,647|
| Unsigned Integer | 32 bit |0 to 4,294,967,295|
| Signed Integer | 64 bit |–9,223,372,036,854,775,808 to 9,223,372,036,854,775,807|
| Unsigned Integer | 64 bit |0 to 18,446,744,073,709,551,615|
| Float | 32 bit | -3.4e+38 to -1.1e-38, 0.0, 1.1e-38 to 3.4e+38 (7 digits)|
| Double | 64 bit | -1.7e+308 to -2.2e-308, 0.0, 2.2e-308 to 1.7e+308 (15 digits)|
| Boolean | 8 bit |0 = false and any other value will be forced to 1 = true|

The number of components should be at least 1. An example of "Number of Components" would be 3 for an RGB Image, 1 for a gray scale image, 1 for a simple array, 4 for a Quaternions array. All values of the array will be initialized to the user set value. The initialization value text box
must have a user entry or the default value will be used.

## Parameters ##

| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| AttributeMatrix | DataArrayPath |
| Output DataArray Name | String |
| Scalar Type | Integer |
| Number of Components | Integer |
| Initialization Value | double |

## Required Arrays ##

None



## Created Arrays ##

| Type | Default Array Name |
|--------|----------------------------|
| Based on User Input  | User Settable  |



## Authors ##

**Copyright** 2015 BlueQuartz Software, LLC

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
