Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/CoreFilters/LinkFeatureMapToElementArray.md, before:

Link Feature Map To Element Array {#linkfeaturemaptoelementarray}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Core Filters (Memory/Management)

## Description ##
A **Cell** array is used as the index into the **Feature** map for each **Cell**.  This filter allows the user to specify which **Cell** array is that index.  The filter clears the current **Feature** map, creates a new **Feature** map and resizes it the largest value found in the user selected **Cell** array.  Further the filter creates the *Active* array in the new **Feature** map, which identifies whether each **Feature** *exists* by checking if there is *at least* one **Cell** that belongs to each **Feature**. 

## Parameters ##

| Name | Type | Description |
|------|------|--------------|
| Feature Attribute Matrix Name| String | Cell Feature Attribute Matrix Name |
| Active | String | Active Array |

## Required Geometry ##
Not Applicable

## Required Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Cell  | None         | Any | (1) | Element Array To Link |

## Created Arrays ##
| Type | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| Feature  | Active | Any | (1) | Active Array |

## License & Copyright ##

Please see the description file distributed with this plugin.

## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users

Commit message:

Update all filter documentation for formatting
Updating documentation of every filter to have correct formatting and grammar.
Also re-working information in filter documentation to reflect what is in the
GUI 1:1.

updates #274

Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/CoreFilters/LinkFeatureMapToElementArray.md, after:

Link Feature Attribute Matrix to Element Attribute Array {#linkfeaturemaptoelementarray}
=============

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Core (Memory/Management)

## Description ##
An **Element** array is used as the index into the **Feature** map for each **Element**.  This **Filter** allows the user to specify which **Element** array is that index.  The **Filter** clears the current **Feature Attribute Matrix**, creates a new **Feature** map and resizes it the largest value found in the user selected **Element** array.  The **Filter** also creates an _Active_ array in the new **Feature Attribute Matrix**, which identifies whether each **Feature** *exists* by checking if there is *at least* one **Element** that belongs to each **Feature**. 

## Parameters ##
None

## Required Geometry ##
Not Applicable

## Required Arrays ##
| Kind | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| **Element Attribute Array**  | None | int32_t | (1) | **Element Attribute Array** to use as the **Feature** index map |

## Created Arrays ##
| Kind | Default Name | Type | Component Dimensions | Description |
|------|--------------|-------------|---------|-----|
| **Attribute Matrix**  | None | **Feature** | N/A | **Feature Attribute Matrix** to reset |
| **Feature Attribute Array**  | Active | bool | (1) | Active **Attribute Array** name |

## License & Copyright ##

Please see the description file distributed with this plugin.

## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
