Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/CoreFilters/MoveData.md, before:

Name of Filter {#movedata}
=====

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Core Filters (Memory/Management)


## Description ##
This filter allows the user to move a data array from one attribute matrix to another compatible attribute matrix.  It also allows the user to move an attribute matrix from one data container to another data container.  Attribute matrices are compatible if the number of tuples are equal.

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Input Attribute Matrix or Data Array | String or DataArrayPath |

## Required Arrays ##



## Created Arrays ##



## Authors ##

**Copyright** 2014 Joseph B. Kleingers (BlueQuartz Software), 2014 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



See a bug? Does this documentation need updated with a citation? Send comments, corrections and additions to [The DREAM3D development team](mailto:dream3d@bluequartz.net?subject=Documentation%20Correction)

Commit message:

Updating documentation directing users to post on the new Google-Groups mailing list instead of emailing dream3d@bluequartz.net

Documentation/ReferenceManual/Filters/CoreFilters/MoveData.md, after:

Name of Filter {#movedata}
=====

## Group (Subgroup) ##
Core Filters (Memory/Management)


## Description ##
This filter allows the user to move a data array from one attribute matrix to another compatible attribute matrix.  It also allows the user to move an attribute matrix from one data container to another data container.  Attribute matrices are compatible if the number of tuples are equal.

## Parameters ##
| Name             | Type |
|------------------|------|
| Input Attribute Matrix or Data Array | String or DataArrayPath |

## Required Arrays ##



## Created Arrays ##



## Authors ##

**Copyright** 2014 Joseph B. Kleingers (BlueQuartz Software), 2014 Michael A. Jackson (BlueQuartz Software)

**Contact Info** dream3d@bluequartz.net

**Version** 1.0.0

**License**  See the License.txt file that came with DREAM3D.



## DREAM3D Mailing Lists ##

If you need more help with a filter, please consider asking your question on the DREAM3D Users mailing list:
https://groups.google.com/forum/?hl=en#!forum/dream3d-users
